Thank you.
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
So, well, hi, hi, hi, hi, hello, hello, so,
well, let's go straight to business, right?
So, where is my Andrey, I see, Sasha, I see,
so, Volodya, I see, hello, guys, so, Egor.
Egor, let's go. Are you here, Egor, or not here,
Egor? Come on, I'm turning on the presentation
for now. One moment, please. So, here it is.
Egor, hi. Turn on the microphone. Thanks, super.
So, let's turn on the press and get to the point.
Day number two. Yeah, let's not rush, let's
talk about the schedule, what we're going
to discuss, so that we have a minute or two
for all the participants to have time to connect.
So, okay. Presentation is visible. By the way,
did you notice? Did you notice anything on
the screen?
Practicum, day number two, 18 years, practice
in commercial real estate. Yes, you said yesterday
that you don't like the word experience, because
under the word experience it can be hidden
that you've been sitting on your **** for
18 years. Yes, yes, yes. That's why we replaced
the word experience with practice today. Thank you,
guys. Yes, there is even such a joke, expression,
yes, he has more ****.
He has more experience. He has more experience.
That's why it's not always when he has more experience,
it's good. That's why it's purely practice,
colleagues. So, well, let's, Egor, tell us
what we had yesterday and what will be today.
While joining us, I see 44, 45 people, and
there should be 126, right, Egor? 126, right?
Right, right.
Well, not everyone will be able to participate.
The guys wrote to us that many will be watching
in the recording, because in the working time,
in fact, on the working day, the practice
will be held. Yes, no problem. Therefore,
with full understanding, adequately, yes,
already 48 people, fine. The rest are in the recording,
you will save it all, so don't worry.
What did we discuss with you yesterday, colleagues?
We discussed with you yesterday the algorithm
of decision-making, the algorithm of development
of a ready-made rental business, which brokers,
agents and investors can use. It is equally
**** good for brokers, agents and investors.
Why? Because we have been working on this
algorithm for 18 years. It works flawlessly
as Kalashnikov's machine gun. We talked about
the step-by-step plan of checking the ready
-made rental business from the initial documents
to all sorts of searches that I have given
you in the form of cadastral engineer's sentence,
technical specialist's sentence, legal sentence,
preliminary legal sentence and all these smart words.
Next, we talked about the business of a federal renter,
about how to buy a ready-made rental business,
which is always reliable, well, or at least
for a long time.
Look, what are we going to talk about today?
First of all, we are going to talk about the
step-by-step plan of a remote transaction.
Running ahead, I will say that we have with you,
colleagues, the most digitized real estate.
We have with you the most digitized, digitized Rosreester.
We have with you the most advanced banking
in the world. It's no joke.
And we have an absolutely amazing opportunity
to conduct remote transactions, even when
we are not only in different cities, but even
in different countries. And I have prepared
a surprise for you. My beautiful wife will come.
I think she will be here in 15-20 minutes.
She runs my legal department. She
accompanies all transactions.
which we conduct, and, in fact, many transactions
that take place in the Academy. Nina conducts
and controls legal expertise there, and she
has an awesome, cool experience and a huge
practice in conducting transactions.
In the past year, she had more than 100 deals,
she accompanied our 64 and her own, I think,
yes, she had more than a hundred for sure
in the past year. Therefore, a person is a practitioner,
a person who will tell from the first person
the whole structure of holding remote deals.
Today we will talk about what I buy, what
I don't look at and why. We will talk about
such traps, underwater stones from the lenders.
We will move on to practice, we will analyze,
for example, real objects from Avito and closed sources.
Colleagues have already sent a link to a project
with a coin, we will also analyze it. And
at the end we will talk about the sources
of projects.
where to get interesting projects, agent,
broker, investor, where to find them. Therefore,
well, actually, what, Egor? I will add here.
Look, we always have one rule on all trainings,
on all broadcasts, that if there is a question,
ask it immediately. Therefore, if during the
course of training you have any questions,
I am here today as a moderator, I monitor
the chat actively, if I see questions, then
we will definitely answer them.
either in the course of our presentation,
or at the end there will be a rubric question-answer,
where we just take and go from top to bottom
on all the questions that were written in
the chat. Yesterday we spent 4 hours in total
with you, of which an hour and a half, probably
even two, were answers to questions.
And I also wanted to add, be ready today,
a lot of information, a lot of information,
and part of the information will be repeated,
that is, you heard it yesterday. This is normal.
What is it connected with? This is connected
with the fact that many topics that we are
connected with today, almost all of them,
they are very closely related to the previous day.
Therefore, repetition is the mother of learning,
there will be repeated information, we are
ready for this, we absorb, we remember the
most important things from the past day, including
we will repeat.
That's it. Let's go, Dmitry.
Yes. What else? Let's have a while. Colleagues
pull up. We have 62 people. I'll do a review tour.
Here's the entrance. Let's do it while I'm
warming up. I have such a beautiful space here.
Look. I'll go out. Here. See? It's so beautiful here.
Here. Here I come in.
And here I have a bar counter right at the entrance,
here I have a TV, here I have a safe where
the money is. You're asking about money, right?
Everyone is interested. Here's the money.
You see, it's specially big so that a lot
of money can fit in. Now they ask, how are
the boots? Are you still wet? Didn't you wear them?
In short, to be honest, I changed yesterday's
pedals to the old ones. Because I can't. They are,
of course, beautiful, but, ****, I rubbed
my ears with a muzzle. That's why I have my
old ones.
So, let's go to training. Let's go. So, we have,
wait, how many people? We have 62. Are you okay?
So, up to 100, I think, we'll run. So, well,
let's go. What do we have there by presentation?
So, I inform you about what I buy myself.
I recommend to friends, relatives, friends,
relatives, and so on.
First, I have in my picture of the world and
in my practice and in my portfolio and in
my property, first of all, this is a product retail.
Today, these are fives and coins. Why?
Very simple logic. Why are they the most stable lenders?
Очень простая математическая логика. Вот пятерочка
это царьгаб. Что такое царьгаб? Этот готовый
арендный бизнес лучше всего продается, пользуется
самым крутым спросом. Его лучше всего покупают
среди всех прочих готовых арендных бизнесов.
Why is this happening? Well, first of all,
these are facts, these are factual data. Let's
try to find some kind of reason. In Russia,
there are more than 25 ,000 stores. They opened
25 ,000 in Yekaterinburg last year, in September
or in October, and they have been working
for 27 years. That is, very roughly speaking,
yes, taking into account the closure, let's
say that the five stores
opens 1 ,000 stores annually for the last
27 years. Can you imagine? 1 ,000 stores every year.
This year they budgeted the opening of 1 ,300 organics,
that is, their own stores, and 500 franchising stores.
Therefore, purely mathematically, this is
the most recognizable brand. What is the recognition
of the number of open stores? Magnit colleagues
have less of these stores, they have about
18 thousand with a penny.
It is the format of the store at home. A little
bit of theory, look. In retail, there is
such a term as a retail model. The retail
model is called a store at home, and each
retail model has its own shopping mission,
that is, how and why people go.
Yes, for purchases in this industry model.
Here at the five, the industry model of the
store at home, the mission of the purchase
is to go down for milk and bread in slippers. Conditionally.
That's it. Chizhik, for example, the industry
model is called a district discount, and the
purchase mission is different there. The purchase
mission sounds like this. I will go through
several districts or blocks in the nearest Chizhik,
because there it is 30 % cheaper than in the five,
and I will stock up on products there for
a week. Do you understand?
This is to speak in one language. So why product retail?
Because according to the practice of the last
27 years, the most stable business model has
been tested 25 ,000 times. Why five? Because
the leader of all product retail in the number
of open stores.
And in terms of quality, you remember us from
yesterday's broadcast, one thing is that you
are the handle. And the five, for today, absolutely
in any city, area and region, trades better
than Magnit. Better than any other product retailer.
Here, of course, it is necessary to add, I,
as a math teacher, you know, I will choke,
yes, because, look, today we will analyze
with you, including the proceeds of the coin,
on the case that Vasily threw there, yes,
there are proceeds of, like, 3 million, 3 600,
yes, here we looked today at the references
with RTO. But, colleagues, please, do not
forget that the five is 500-600 meters, and
there is a coin 230, do you understand?
And in order to operate a good store,
whether it is good or bad, it is important
for us, as you remember from yesterday's broadcast,
the king of metrics is revenue, but not just revenue,
but revenue from a square meter.
Therefore, we simply divide the RTO or revenue
indicator by the area and get the revenue
from the square meter. In general, retailers
operate with the term of revenue from the
square meter of the shopping mall, and not
the total area. But we don't need it yet.
This is later. This is already higher mathematics.
So, look. Come back, please. Let me add something.
Look, all the time we are asked on the broadcasts,
on webinars, and so on, give us insider information,
give us something, some important information
that can be earned. Pay attention to the text
that you have on the screen. The coin is now
in aggressive expansion, especially in the
Privost Federal District. This is just the
same insider information that you can already
earn now. Why?
Put yourself in the place of regional investors.
Now the coin enters the PFO. And in the PFO
they have a task to open hundreds and hundreds
of stores throughout the federal district.
Tens of hundreds. And when you need to open
a store for a coin, they have a business model
of purchase of premises is not laid at all.
They only rent. And when local, regional investors
hear that
You can create a ready-made business, for example,
with a coin. They have a reaction, as a rule,
here I am communicating. Coin? What? Who?
What is it? I do not know who it is. Why?
Because everywhere signs only five magnets.
And they still do not know that in a couple
of years they have coins in the city will
be more than five of these very magnets. Here.
Coin is a great tool to earn on it. Here and now.
The first reason why.
Regional investors do not know about the coin,
they only know about the coin of investors
who work all over Russia. This is the first.
Second, the coin is very flexible, it is very
easy to negotiate with them, they really need it.
They really need it, they sit on small squares
and on dubious buildings that other tenants
would never agree on in their lives. The third
is a huge cap for repairs. What is it? This
is how much money they spend for the repair
of this room.
The situation from real life. In our academy,
they bought a room for 15 million. The five
went in, made a repair for 7 million. There
was a room that cost 15, now it costs 22.
At the expense of whom? At the expense of
the coin that went in there. It was not a five,
but a coin. And here is the insider information
on which you can now earn well and a lot on coins.
Let's do something or let's move on. Look,
yes, Egor is absolutely right, colleagues.
Look, how can you directly earn? How? Look,
yes, let's. Are real estate objects located
in any villages, villages, settlements with
a population of up to 50 ,000 people, up to
100 ,000 people interested?
You somehow find information about such an
property in the village, village, PGT, there,
yes, in a rural settlement, whatever you can
call it, let's, a settlement with a population
of up to 50 ,000 people, for simplicity of understanding,
you can up to 100 ,000, it doesn't matter,
from 1 ,000 people. Let's give a metric to,
what are we looking for? We are looking for
objects with real estate.
We are looking for commercial real estate objects.
This is a one-story building or a first floor
building or a first floor building. But in
villages and villages, we are still talking
about one-story buildings, maybe two-story.
We are looking for commercial real estate
objects with an area of ​​the first floor
from 200 to 1500 square meters in settlements
from 1000 to 100 ,000 people.
If you have information about such a property object,
this is enough. You can make money on this,
we will do the rest. That's it, period. Just
information about the object. If
this information is on Avito or Cyan, then
the chances are 1 out of 10 that something
will work out.
Therefore, we need information about real
estate in settlements from 1 ,000 to 100 ,000 people,
from the first floor area from 200 to 1 ,500
square meters, and the information that is
not visible on the map. Period. That's all.
You can already earn on this information.
How can you provide me with information, send
it to me personally, then I will help you
with everything. We use our resources and
so on. This is all, Egor, so that there is
an understanding of how to earn money.
Well, let's move on. Let me open the chat.
My wife should come soon. Look, the coin can
sit in... I'll explain why.
Dmitry asks, why up to 1500? Purely from practice,
because when the building is more than 1500,
there is an additional examination, in short,
more hemorrhoids.
And still, from practice, the coolest projects
in the economy are obtained in objects up
to 1 ,500 square meters. If there is more,
you can work. But this is so that there were
some primary metrics.
Yes, our coin is next to the five, and this
is normal. Regions are absolutely any. Now
PFO is in priority, because the coin has already
located a distribution center in the Samara region,
in the village of Lopatino, and from there,
accordingly, all logistics are already being built.
That's why.
I have a coin near my house, next to the corner,
in the same building, a five, and next to
it is a true one, and a magnet across the road.
No one closes, everything is fine with them.
Absolutely normal. Five years have already passed.
We are not surprised that we have a five in
every house with a magnet or across the house.
Not surprised, you know, so it's already become normal.
Well, in the Urals, yes, there are coins there.
Yes, yes, yes. Please remind us of the minimum
meter of the coin and let's go on. Before
Nina comes, we need to finish this block.
From 200 to 500 they sit. From 200 square
meters to 500. In Yekaterinburg, they opened
at least 177 squares, but still focus on 200.
From 200 to 500. 500 is the coolest. 300-400
squares for the coin contour.
So, can the coin sit in the next room next
to the five? I answer, yes, it can. The guys say,
we are not afraid of the five. Our neighborhood
does not strain. The only thing is that the
area should not be less than the five. That is,
if the five sits there 500 meters, then at
200 meters they will not sit very close to
the neighborhood. And if 500 will be close,
then they will sit.
So, 200... No, it's the total area, Yuri.
200... 200-500, the total area, without...
There, the whole load is turned on, and that's it,
that's it, that's it. The coin doesn't go
to the Crimea yet, Tatyana? No, it doesn't go.
The five goes to the Crimea. So, and we're
sending it to me, and to me, yes. So, Egor,
what's next? We already have Ninin, this block.
Let's move on, we'll finish this block, and
we'll move on to Ninin, okay? Ninin has already come?
Now, it should probably arrive in 10 minutes.
So, well, step-by-step plan, distance. No,
back, back, back. That's it. You, what am
I buying? Stop. Now, wait, I'll fix it. We
still have about... About what? Come on, I'll
let you know. So, a second. Product retail.
Well, here we go, the heat has gone. We have,
you see, here are storerooms, storerooms, storage.
Yes, this is exactly what I buy. Let's go
through the order. Tell me the first 10 slides.
Well, look, in the product retail, we have
already talked, and now we will also look
at the objects. What are we looking at? The
main criterion, if we buy an already formed
and ready-made rental business, that is,
a room in which the federal is already sitting,
we look at its turnover. We are talking now
on the example of products. We affectionately
call product retail products.
The main criterion is revenue. And look, colleagues,
here, please, I already saw it in the chat,
a confusion arose, about 5 million rubles
a month, this concerns a classic five and
a classic magnet with an area of ​​about 500
-700 square meters.
5 million rubles per month do not belong to
the coin. I'll explain why. Because all the
fives and magnets of the classic format at
home are just in the range of 500-700 square meters,
and the coins are initially smaller in area.
Therefore, they will have less revenue. Do
not focus on the number of 5 million.
This is the normative revenue of the five
and the normative revenue of the magnet of
the classic format of 150 ,000 rubles a day.
This is such a normative, minimal. Therefore,
we are guided by this. I'll tell you right
away about the coin. Look, to this day, we
have not yet formed such a fairly reliable
statistic to say what criteria the coin has.
That is, like...
I will explain why. You see, they have a large
range of areas, from 200 to 500, even to 600.
That is, they have a range of areas of almost threefold.
Therefore, there are still no revenue standards.
This is the first. The second. The coin will
now carry out a very active expansion in
the coming years, that is, development.
And with a high probability, the coins will
not close. I have not seen a single closed coin.
If you have cases, confirmed examples, please send,
share. Just like when we started working with
Chizhik in 2021 or 2022, I don't remember.
Then we already had information that Chizhik
would not close its stores. And it really
took 3-4 years, not a single Chizhik closed,
literally the whole country has a couple of cases.
But there are 3 ,500 Chizhik stores there,
you know? Therefore, when some federal has
an active expansion, active development, it invests,
gnaws off a share of the market from competitors, right?
It has a planning horizon, and taking into
account those capes and coins that exist,
imagine that most likely, I assume, that in
the next 2, 3, 4, 5 years the coins will not close.
Therefore, this orientation on the turnover
of goods to the coin does not apply to today.
Let's move on.
Well, we use, we called it a kind of tough filter,
but as such a primary metric for consideration,
and the answer to the question, which GAP
is interesting, which project of a ready-to
-buy business is interesting, and which is not,
is if it is located in a purchase capacity
of up to 80 MAP.
I remind you, yes, MAP is monthly rental payment.
If we are paid a conditional five or a magnet
or a coin, for example, 200 ,000, then we
understand that, yes, the cost of the project,
previously interesting for us, on the napkin,
should be no more than 200 ,000. Monthly rental
payment is multiplied by 80. If it is 16 million
and less, we take it into work. And here is Nina. Hello.
Here. Next, look. Another direction of
the unit that is interesting, for which we
ourselves vote with our own ruble, is storages
or self-storage, but in a simple, orthodox way,
storages. And I don't have a wallet, do I?
By the way, you've spoiled the name of the
new tenant. Operator. Well, yes. But for now, yes.
Karatenichka. Полный порядок называется.
We helped launch the mega warehouse. We opened
about 50 objects in a year, plus or minus.
Now they are at different stages of launch,
there are already more than 30 open and about
20 are under construction. We have already
registered our own brand and this year we
have a plan to open 100 objects of the new brand.
Therefore, this is the direction that I recommend
you to pay attention to. I will immediately
share with you how to make
a decision about how interesting or not interesting
the storerooms are.
This is the metric we have developed. I'll
tell you right away, we only use the Best
Place service. How to understand whether the
warehouse is OK or not, how suitable is this place?
According to Best Place, a report that can
be downloaded either from Avito, or if it
will cost something like 270 rubles, if you
take 10 reports,
Or if you have an open account in Sberbank,
there you can get such reports for 1 ruble
for free. But the point is not important.
In general, we take the best place, put a point,
select an industry model, warehouse services,
set a radius of 1000 meters.
And our metric should be at this address,
the density of the population should be more
than 10 ,000 people, the income of the household
should be more than 100 ,000 rubles per household.
Then, with a high probability, there will
be no problems with the filling of the storerooms.
Therefore, please use it. This is super important,
useful, valuable information.
So, let's go further. Yes, here we have a filling plan.
We set a metric that our warehouse will be
filled with more than 90 % in a period of
up to 12 months. And we use the Toco Best
Place service to check the location. On the warehouse,
I think we will make a separate conference
in general, invite all operators of storage systems.
Top players are Skladno, Kladovkin, Tvoi Sklad.
If you are looking for a reference of a player,
look at Tsar Kladovki. This is the Prostor
network in St. Petersburg. Go there, look,
study. I am very excited about them. But not
only in St. Petersburg, but also in a large format.
There is another industry model.
складно, классные ребята кладовкин, классные
ребята а твой склад, классные ребята мегасклад,
сейчас вообще супер набирают там обороты,
вообще красавцы вот, так, едем дальше так,
ну что, Егор, я тогда Нину приглашаю дамы
и господа готовы? а сейчас, Егор, что-то
микрофон выключил, я тебя врубаю да, спасибо да,
конечно так, Нина, ваш выход пройдемте
Look, we are talking to you about remote transactions.
We have an amazing opportunity today. How
good is the niche of a ready-made rental
business now? And in general, the sphere of
commercial real estate. And the fact that
you can build all processes remotely. We have
Nina with us. Join us, don't be shy. You are
just beautiful. Hello everyone. Look.
Why did you invite Nina? Because she is in
charge of all our transactions and accompanies
the transactions of the residents. Do you
want to start your presentation? I don't know
what to say.
Well, throw me in the face. Does your cart work,
does it not work? I have a presentation, it's
a checklist of documents for the deal. Let's
go with you then, don't worry. And I think that,
colleagues, you immediately, the question-answer,
well, the question-answer will be with us.
You write in the chat, don't be shy, right?
Here, come on, we have a presentation, I'll
list you now. And you tell me right away how
we do a remote deal with you. Now I'm here here.
So, now I'll give you, here, from here. So,
let's go. Come on. To the center, I'll list you.
So, good. Yes, we are now talking about how
to conduct the transfer of ownership rights,
right? That is, how to register this transfer
of ownership rights, conduct a transaction.
That is, we are with you, if we look at this slide,
we understand that before that we conducted
a legal analysis of our project.
and we already want to buy it. Am I right?
Yes. That is, we have made a decision and
are already preparing for the transaction.
We analyzed the algorithm yesterday, the step
-by-step instruction, that is, everything,
the object is checked, the legal conclusion
is made, the investment decision is accepted,
now it's a transaction. Well, let me tell
you something interesting. How can we now
register a transaction? Distant. We have,
in principle, four options.
The first option is to apply to Sberbank and
register a transaction through the DomClick system.
The second option is VTB Bank. They have a meter
-square application. The third option is Contour
real estate, a service for registering transactions.
And the fourth option, of course, we do not forget,
is through Notarius. Notarius also conducts
transactions remotely.
We choose. Look, there is a right to choose,
and this is very good. How we choose, how
I choose. In fact, our deals are always different.
It seems to be clear that commercial real estate,
but we always have different situations, because,
as a rule, we have...
Perhaps one of the parties is not in the Russian Federation.
We had such a deal when the seller was in Turkey,
the buyer was in the Russian Federation, and
we needed to buy the property. The seller,
being in Turkey, gave the trust to his son.
Although, in order to prevent us from going
out of trust, we decided that we do not want
to go out of trust, we want the seller himself
to put a signature on the purchase-sale contract
and offer to go out for a deal through the
real estate contract.
There is such a program, you can buy it, any
of us, it costs absolutely adequate money,
which allows us to register remotely these transactions.
Why did we turn to counter real estate in
our situation? Because one of our parties
was not present in the Russian Federation,
that is, it was abroad, and this helps us
very much, because neither Sberbank, Domklik,
nor VTB Bank does not give us such an opportunity.
And this application, the Contra real estate
program gives us such an opportunity to make
a remote transaction. What else to say?
I don't know, do we need to go deeper into
how we made the calculation? Or I'll just
tell you. Let's just go through the points
from the beginning to the end, tell us all
the important things. When can we contact you,
for example, Sberbank, Don't Click.
When no more than two real estate objects
are involved in our transaction, then this
resource is suitable for us.
does not allow you to disclose the nominal
account when you have more than two
real estate objects in the contract. They can,
for example, when 1 or when 2, for example,
when the building and the land plot. I will explain.
We had a deal, we bought, well, conditionally,
37 real estate objects. We had a small section
of the premises, we had 37 real estate objects.
Of course, we did not make for each real estate
object our own purchase and sale agreement.
We were interested in this project in the
form of 37 of these small real estate objects.
We did not need 25, not 27. We needed all
this amount. And we, accordingly, went to Sberbank.
Hello, we want to make a deal.
And at that moment they explained that they
can disclose the nominal account only by tying
it to one or two real estate objects. We say,
no, we need to disclose it when the right
of ownership to all real estate objects is transferred.
What did they say? Well, sorry, our software
cannot do this. Then where
can we turn? For example, as an alternative,
this is a VTB bank, a meter-square system.
Their application gives us the opportunity
to make a deal with real estate objects of
more than two.
Sberbank, Domklik, if your transaction is
taken by a legal entity, namely OOO, then
this service is also not suitable for us.
Temporarily Sberbank does not accept transactions
where OOO participates. VTB bank, meter square system,
accepts such transactions.
That's why I'm telling you that our deals
can be different. The number of objects, the
number of participants, whether they are here,
whether they are abroad. And we collect all
this texture, all this data, and already choose
with you what service to choose for us, electronic registration.
What is the minus here?
In this scheme, the minus is that both the
seller and the buyer will have to pay the
state fee. Well, it turns out twice. That is,
conditionally, the seller pays for himself,
the buyer pays for himself. But this is also possible.
But here we have a double state fee from the notary.
I will ask you questions and you will give
me an answer to form a full understanding.
First, please tell me what is the mandatory
package of documents that need to be prepared
for the transaction? What do we need to upload
to the real estate account and so on? What
do we need to have at the beginning of the transaction?
So, we must have an already agreed purchase
-sale agreement, because no one likes it when
you make some mistake in the process of a deal
or want to change some condition. We must
have a purchase-sale agreement and NNN with Nils,
all parties of the deal, if it
is required,
Then we ask for a notarial agreement of the spouse,
if we have a salesman in marriage. If the salesman,
for example, was not in the marriage at the
time of acquisition of the property, then
we ask for a notarial statement from him that
at the time of acquisition of the property,
we write down the address, the cadastral number,
the citizen of such and such FIU was not in
the registered marriage.
All other documents can be applied as you wish.
Let's make a pause here. Look, colleagues,
do you know what the joke is? That for the
registration of the transfer of property rights
to the transaction, the consent of the spouse
or the spouse is not required. It is not a mandatory
document for the Rosreestr. If you do not
provide this document, the transaction will
still take place.
Yes, that is, look, but what consequences
can you face if you do not pay attention to this?
And it often happens that the parties of the
deal forget about it. That is, you have a right
to transfer. Let's suppose you bought an property
from your owner, you have a right to transfer,
and he bought this property in marriage.
That's it. Your spouse's consent was not there
at the time of the registration of the deal,
but that's it, you became a new owner, the
right has been transferred. What can happen?
Why do we need a notarial confirmation that
if not in marriage, suddenly, right? Or he says,
I was not in marriage at that time, and you
believe in words. What can happen? What is
the negative situation? You bought, they divorced
next year, and the spouse will demand what?
Well, she will want to share this property,
if it is a jointly owned property. And then
she will claim your property, because it
was purchased during the marriage period,
do you understand? Therefore, I will highlight
what kind of collision occurs here. The registry,
the right to transfer, will register, even
if you do not have a consent.
Do you understand? But you need it. You need it.
And if you will be told that it is not required
to make a deal, smart lawyers, it is not required
to make a deal. More precisely, it is not
an obligatory document. It is not an obligatory document,
but you can request it, it is also your right.
Yes. Such certificates, for example, if we
request a deal from the seller that it does
not consist of a psychological or
narcological account, these documents are
not mandatory, but you can apply. If I personally say,
when we conduct these deals, we request, and
we have been requesting lately, then we apply.
Let it be, you know, in the archive of the Rosreestr.
Okay, please tell us about electronic and
digital signatures that need to be prepared
for the transaction.
Electronic digital signature. Look, if you
participate as a physical person and go, for example,
to the VTB bank or to the Sberbank, the presence
of electronic digital signature is not mandatory
for you. You can do it on the spot when you will,
accordingly, submit documents for electronic registration.
This is done by a bank employee. Guys, it's
one minute, it's super fast.
If you are the owner of an electronic digital
signature of a physical person, namely, you
have been installed in the application GosKlyuch,
you have confirmed your identity there,
You can make an enhanced electronic signature,
there are enhanced and non-enhanced. If you
do all this, pass this verification, then
you can sign a document already through this
application GozKlyuch. That is, you do not
need to issue this electronic signature.
If there are legal entities involved in our transaction,
it is an OO or an individual entrepreneur,
we already have a priori understand that they
should already have this electronic digital signature.
But it is always better to clarify. But if
people are entrepreneurs, they always have
this electronic digital signature. That is,
the legal entity and the
individual entrepreneur have a flash card.
Okay, next question. Tell me, please, why
is the transaction through DomClick, through
SquareMeter and through Contour today is the
safest way for remote transactions?
Well, in principle, we have no other alternatives.
Well, there is. Some colleagues said that
the deals were made through the official website
of the Rosreestr. But they say that this is
very difficult and none of them, who told
me about it, could do it without the help
of a technical specialist, whom they attracted.
Why, if it's very difficult? What is it for?
If you can do it much, much easier.
Because this type of transaction is a safe calculation,
we should not forget that if we consider Sberbank,
VTB bank, they provide us with a service not
only for electronic registration, but we take
it as a safe calculation. That is, if something happens,
then it turns out that the seller will not
receive the money, and the buyer will be able
to return it to him later.
Okay. Please tell us about signing the transfer receipt.
How does it usually happen in ready-to-buy
business transactions?
Look, we have several options. Either we take
this phrase that the contract has the power
of an act of receipt and transfer immediately
with you, according to the agreement of the parties,
into the contract, buy-sell. Or we make it separately,
an act of receipt and transfer. These are
also different situations. Sometimes, for example,
a seller says, I will sign an act and I want
it to be separate only after I get the money.
on his account, and in principle he is right,
there is nothing wrong with that. After the
transfer of the right, after the seller has
received the money, we prepare the transfer
separately and sign it with the participants
of the transaction. This document is now not
required for registration in the registry.
One of the previous questions of the day.
How do you feel and what are the consequences
and everything else to such a thing as a reduced
cost of the transaction?
Yesterday we were asked about it, and today
we have passed this question. Tell us, please,
what do you think about this, what are the consequences,
and so on. I don't like it. I am an opponent.
I am categorically against it. And always,
if our clients are offered a discount, I always
oppose it. But there is another side, too, when...
People buy these real estate objects that
conduct business activities, which, accordingly,
submit a certain report, and sometimes it
is very good for them to show not the entire
cost of this real estate object, and they
give themselves a full report in this, and
they do it consciously.
And when the seller sells the property for
15 million rubles and asks to specify 3 million rubles,
then the guys always have a question, because
it is a risk of bankruptcy. We go out on a deal,
we check it, everything is fine here, but
no one will give a guarantee what can happen
to him in a year, two or three years.
And we always pay attention to the cadastral cost,
to the market of similar real estate objects.
This is just a deal, you can roll it back
in one click, admit it is not real.
And he paid 15 million rubles. And in the contract,
**** forbid, he will claim. We are not talking
about what he will get. Because we don't understand
what will happen to the seller at that moment.
It will be more than 3 million rubles. These
are risks. And always, what alternative? I always
ask the question, why does he want to indicate this?
Why do you? We always have a dialogue. We
analyze this situation. And often I always suggest
You know, often, probably, the answer is always one.
The seller does not want to pay taxes. Well,
somehow, yes, but still it is. And I always suggest,
I say, well, let's divide these taxes then
in half.
I say, well, it will still be safer for you,
we don't know what can happen in a year, in two,
in three, but it's not possible, that is,
it's not the time now when you can do this.
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Well, and often, by the way,
such an option, in principle, is compromising,
and sellers show the full cost of the contract.
In short, we insist on the fact that the entire
cost should be specified. Look how we insist.
When we trade, yes, well, conditionally, we
traded with you from 20 million to the required 17,
let's assume, yes.
But at the same time, we understand that we
will be paid 17.5. And then we often do it
like this, when he says, okay, give me 17,
but it's 10 in the contract. We find out all
this and say, why do you want it? He says,
I don't want to overpay taxes. And we say,
okay, give me 17.5, but it's all in the contract.
Therefore, you understand, we are already
here in the process of trading, we bring it
to the value we need, but taking into account
the fact that we will indicate the entire
amount in the contract, please do not play
for a decrease. This is a direct call to action,
because the consequences can then be sad.
Therefore, all those times when these games
were played have long passed.
And as a practice, we can tell you today that
experienced investors don't do that. They
don't do that, yes. But it happens very often,
because we mostly work in regions. And they
still say, bring me a suitcase.
What kind of expressions do they say? What suitcase?
With such a sum. And we are like, no one does
that anymore.
In any case, yes, it's still a very frequent meeting.
Okay, colleagues, today we invited Nina, a lawyer.
Nina, by the way, remind me, how long have
you been working as a lawyer in commercial
real estate? Can you count quickly?
A lot, a lot. Since 2009, I think. Yes, today
we invited a lawyer who has been working in
commercial real estate since 2009. I am probably
sure that Nina is the person who spent the
most time as a lawyer on a ready-to-pay
business in Russia, most likely. Therefore,
you now have the opportunity to ask all the
questions concerning the legal part. We will
answer them and after that we will let Nina go.
She is not with us today on the whole broadcast,
so if you have time, write questions in the chat.
So, Nina, now I will read you questions from
the chat. Please answer them. Look, the question is,
is it necessary to register the transfer of
the receipt in the registry? No. It is not necessary.
Did you answer this question? Good. Further.
Forming of objects for a physical person or
a legal person. What is easier or more profitable?
What are the nuances and so on? Or there is
no difference at all today in practice?
In general, guys, there is absolutely no difference.
This is the further strategy of the buyer,
that is, depending on this property, how
he will speculate with them or leave it to
himself as an asset. That is, for us there
is no difficulty.
Okay, next. Were there, no matter if it was
you or maybe in the environment, maybe you
heard about such cases, in commercial real
estate cases of dolina, that is, when some
contracts were torn apart, as in the case
of what recently happened and raged throughout Russia?
No, we haven't. In our practice, no. But
we still protect ourselves by asking for certificates,
is that right? Yes, but look, maybe that's
why it wasn't there, of course, so that it
doesn't slide, that we protect ourselves as
much as possible. If we don't like something,
then we just don't go on a deal. That is,
a deal is always for us, well, not at any price,
we don't have such a slogan, but it should
always be as safe as possible.
The next question is, will you share with
the participants the practice and the patterns
of the DPP? What is
a ready-to-rent business? These are real
estate projects with some kind of federal tenant.
I can send, but they are also different. Nevertheless,
there are patterns. Yes, we will send.
Okay, please share. How can we let you go?
You can send it to us in the general chat,
we will then send it to you in the chat. Not now,
either tonight or tomorrow. Okay, agreed.
So, that's it, we answered this question,
we will send the DKP templates. Why can't
you buy for cash? The next question was.
Well, why not? Well, why not? It's possible.
Well, what is cash? Cash, money, funds, yes,
it's possible. What kind of safe account will
there be? A cell? It's possible. To the question,
yes, a cell. You put these money and funds
in a cell, and you will have a repayment condition
for its disclosure, and this is just the same...
The transfer of ownership rights, that is,
you provide a receipt for the property on
your name and, accordingly, the seller provides
this receipt for the property on your name
and reveals the cell for him. That is, the
question is, is it possible for cash? It is possible,
but I advise a safe calculation of this cell.
You can choose the bank yourself.
Only here do not forget that not all banks provide,
it is called an individual safe, it is
called a safe cell with individual access conditions.
Sberbank, for example, does not provide such.
Wait, wait, you're wrong. No, if we have a deal
on the purchase-sale agreement, he provides everything.
And if we have, look, colleagues, if we have
another country, if, for example, we have
a deal on depreciation, yes, that is, well,
conditionally, you buy an real estate for
15 million rubles and agreed that there will
be 10 in the agreement, again you transfer
cash payment. The question is how to transfer
5 million rubles, you can just put them, yes.
Bank VTB, Absolute Bank
Yes. Well, at least there are already two.
Let's talk about the consequences of a decline.
Let's say you went down. Who needs a decline
in most cases? The seller needs a decline.
You are a buyer. Look, you played this game
with a decline. The condition is that the
object costs 20, you bought for 10. Then,
having hit the seller in the head,
He goes to the tax office and says, or to
the buyer, do you understand? That is, there
are such risks that you can't even imagine now.
Why play this game? For what? So that it would
be good for someone, right? And also, why
is this not being practiced, the cells and
so on, right? Well, because, ****, we live
in the 21st century, but we are no longer
moving on horses. And there are modern services
of safe transactions. We have all the calculations,
we have, stop, well, for the past year you
had at least one transaction with a cell.
No, there wasn't. Zero. I think, in fact,
you know, only some old believers are not used,
but all advanced, more or less digitized people
are really used, and this is very convenient.
I also wanted to remind you that we don't forget,
if we pay the state salary in double size,
then the transfer of ownership rights can
take place either on this day or the next day.
That is, this service is officially provided
by the Rosreestr. Yes, the payment is double.
Tell us about our record this month.
For example, we made a deal at the beginning
of March. We went through the real estate system,
submitted the documents, paid the state fee
in double. We had one property there. The
state fee is 4 ,000 rubles, the double amount
is 8 ,000 rubles. Our transaction, the transfer
of property, took place in two hours.
Two hours. Yes, two hours. What? Really? Wow,
super. But it's cool, it's, of course, very pleasing.
That this is such an official service, we
are given by such a legislator, such an opportunity.
Next question. How does the tax office look
at commercial real estate for a physical person
and their income? That is, we just report
to the KGB. Uh-huh.
We have two options. Look, this is not a question
about the registration of the right of ownership.
Let's answer it later. Yes, good. Here is
also a question about the accounting. Do you
need to withdraw a check when selling from
the IP or from the... Here, Nina, will you
say something? Yes. I asked yesterday. It
is necessary. It is necessary? Yes. Always? Always?
Well, everyone forgets about it, but the check
is required when we pay, yes, we have to.
Okay, we've answered all the questions about checks.
Here's a question, how does the sale affect
the payment of items? Do you need to pay items
with an income of 25 %? I think this question
needs to be... No, no, it's not a legal question.
Yes, it's not a legal question, it's an accountant's one,
and it's unlikely that Dmitry, Nina or I will
answer it now. It's too narrow-minded, and
it's better to talk to an accountant or, I don't know,
with a specialist who specializes in elements,
and not in a ready-made rental business.
So, how is it better to buy an apartment,
as a person or as an individual entrepreneur,
including taking into account subsequent sales?
Last question, from a legal point of view.
This is your strategy, yes, I also said this before,
that is, look, if you, conditionally, want
to buy it and then resell it, then buy it again,
resell it, that is, you already have an entrepreneurial activity,
it is obvious.
And, of course, you need to
register an IP in the right way. That is,
if you do it as a physical person, then the
tax office itself can come to you and calculate
some kind of tax. And here, too, count if
you will buy as a physical person, how much
you will pay for the NDFL, 13%. If you are
an IP on a simplified form,
then it can be 6 % if you are still in the
limit without NDS. But even if with NDS, you
also need to count here. You just need to
take and count. If you buy and sell once a year,
then I think you can do it as a physical face.
In principle, no one will look at you there.
If you do it periodically,
then it is better to do it as an individual entrepreneur.
But again, it is also interesting, if you,
even as a physical person, buy this property,
you give it to a federal renter, and you get
monthly rental income. This is an entrepreneur's activity.
That is, it is correct to have an IP.
Good. And not only this concerns the speculative strategy,
including if you just plan to receive monthly
rent payments, you cannot work as a physical person,
you cannot, as a self-employed person, rent
a five-room apartment and earn only P or O.
Well, regarding legal, there are questions
about checks and so on, about the accounting,
I think we will answer them at the end. I don't
see any more legal questions. Let's give a minute
to duplicate the question, if we suddenly
missed it, legal, or write another one.
If there are no questions, then Nina, thank
you very much for connecting, we will let
you go and go on to talk about our remaining topics.
Look, friends, I want to add an important thing.
As for the long-distance transactions, it
is very difficult for us to pack all the information
and answer all the questions within the framework
of a two- or three-hour practice.
Therefore, what have we done? Now, in the
Practicum chat, there is already a two-hour
training on remote transactions from Nina
Novikova from the Academy of Ready Renting Business.
Usually, it is available only to residents,
but for Practicum participants, we have placed
this training in the Practicum chat.
Therefore, you will have a chat. When you
reach the transaction stage on some object,
all you need to do is to return to this chat,
click on the attached messages several times
and get to this very training. Two hours with
timecodes from Nina, with a presentation on
a remote transaction. It is exhaustive and
it is mandatory for viewing for all residents
of the Academy. And for you, I recommend you
to study it at the moment when you get to
this stage.
I want to tell you, Egor, sorry for interrupting,
the feedback when we are conducting
these remote deals with clients, and they
did not do this before, that is, they went
to the MFC and registered in the old
-fashioned way,
Do you know what kind of effect it is? They
are so happy, they say, wow, great, super,
I didn't even know Nina, this is such a progress.
That is, my client was an individual entrepreneur
in the transaction. We made a transaction,
carried out through the real estate counter,
that is, the presence of the bank is not required.
He was in my robe, in my slippers at home,
drinking a cup of coffee and buying an object
of real estate. Just pressed the button from
the phone. It's very cool. That is, the wow
effect will definitely be from your clients.
There are reasons why this wow effect occurs.
Dmitry, you told me a story that you earned
money in student life by taking queues to
register for commercial real estate and selling them.
You arrived at 6 in the morning, you were sitting,
collecting a bunch of tickets for registration.
And after that he resold them, because people
needed to make an urgent deal. Okay, next.
Is it possible to legally, well, there is
one more question about the legal part, is
it possible to legally protect the second
part of the amount that goes outside the contract?
Yes, you can, but this is ****. Let's do it
this way. I will add to the words of Dmitry Fedorovich.
In principle, guys, this is only one option.
This is when we are on the amount not included
in the contract for sale.
We make an agreement with you and sign it
between the participants of the deal and write
for what we transfer this amount and why it
is not included in our main purchase-sale agreement,
so that in case of something we have some
kind of communication, that is, as an agreement.
They ask why ****, and if there is a receipt,
repair, for example, they write in the chat.
Because I can't understand why you need it.
What are you trying to save?
What the **** are you playing at? I honestly
don't get it. If your life has never had such
consequences with these games, then believe me,
our practices and the practices of our clients,
as soon as this event comes, and you start
running around the courts, proving that you
are not a camel, you will regret these some
saved money three times. That's all.
So, look, there used to be such a thing. It
used to be all around. But before, our state
was not so digitized. Our tax system was not
so digitized. Our registry was not so digitized.
Do you understand? Therefore, all these games
remained in the past. Well, look, we are in practice.
Last year, Nina carried out more than 100 transactions.
Zero transactions with a decline, guys.
Well, zero deals. Well, why the **** do you
need it? Hear the message, right? Yes, you
better overpay for these taxes. This
is better, believe me. Because you will have
to pay for it. There are things that are more
important than money. This is the safety of
the family, economic, including. This is a healthy dream.
This is your own health. Here you have saved 5,
10, 20, 30, 100 million rubles on your deals
for 10-20 years.
And just every night you have to fall asleep
with the thought that sooner or later it may
come out, all the money that you earned there earlier,
you have already spent, and you will have
to bear responsibility for your coverings,
the desire to tear off, save 1-2 % on the
deal with the help of some kind of fraud.
And a healthy sleep and the safety of your
family is more important than the opportunity
to save.
But this is our view, this is our practice.
Everyone has their own tolerance to risk.
Someone can hide hundreds of millions and
sleep peacefully at the same time. Most normal
people can't do that. There is a term called
risk profile. Even in any bank you can go through.
Someone needs to risk. Someone can't live
without this adrenaline. But you know, from practice,
the older you get, and when there is something
to lose, you don't want to lose it.
Therefore, these games with a decline, look,
you can legally get around with papers, but
I will constantly ask the question, what are
you doing this for? Yes, you can get a receipt
for the amount of indivisible improvements,
you can get indivisible improvements, you
can drive money through the cell, you can.
Можно, да? Ну, нахрена. Отпускайся, беги.
Спасибо большое за внимание. Всем хорошего вечера.
Возможно, с кем-то еще и увидимся. Прежде
чем ты уйдешь, несколько раз в чате писали
о том, что ты очень красивая, и писали, что
вы вдвоем очень красивая пара.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
Yes, but on the second day, as soon as we
created the chat practice, we already on the
second day posted training from Nina, two-hour,
on remote deals, so that we could return to
this when this stage will be reached during
the work in commercial real estate. Fire,
let's go further. So, what are we talking about?
How do you work?
I don't work with anyone. Why? Look, Magnet.
Magnet closed more than a thousand stores
last year. They don't really advertise it,
don't talk about it, but the fact remains
a fact. That's why with Magnet, now I'll close
the window.
Therefore, I work with the magnet, I speak
for myself, according to the remaining principle.
If before the magnet for me lay on one shelf
with a five, then today on one shelf with
a five for me lies a coin, but not a magnet.
Therefore, with the magnet, please, more carefully.
Let's go further. Well, even about the magnet,
what is the verdict? We look, but more closely.
Why? Because they behave like this, they close.
The question is how much the five closed last year.
According to my information, this is less
than 50 objects.
according to my information. If someone has reliable,
verified information, then welcome is also
ready to accept it with pleasure, to hear it,
to re-check it. That's why these are the
introductory ones. So, in general, we are
looking at the magnet. We have analyzed the
case in Nadym. There, again, we analyzed the profit,
ran through the algorithm, understood that
it is trading 12.15, not the worst, even
ahead of some five in Nadym. Do you understand?
We compared. This is not a call to give up Magnit.
This is a call to be more attentive to Magnit.
Let's move on. I know many of my friends,
partners, guys who have earned many tens,
some hundreds of millions of rubles on PVZ.
Is it possible to earn? It is possible. But
what are the risks? You see, here on the picture
it is written, we are leaving for the weekend.
Look, the points of delivery of orders are
not closely tied to the real estate object.
Very weakly tied. They do not invest a lot
of money there. They either do not invest
anything at all, or invest three kopecks.
Therefore, they
especially if it is an IP or close, if it
is not a head company, it costs practically nothing.
If they have a room through the wall for 10
-15 thousand rubles cheaper, they will move,
because for 10-15 thousand rubles cheaper
and the move, in principle, does not cost anything.
Therefore, the main minus of all PVZs
This is an additional risk of concession.
And look, yes, in the last year, more than
40 ,000 PVZs have opened throughout the country.
Well, imagine, more than 40 ,000 PVZs. Therefore,
of course, on the one hand, you can earn on this,
but keep in mind, yes, the main minus is the
increased risks of concession. When they come,
they don't know. Maybe in the next year, two,
three, five, ten, and they won't come.
But since they are not tied, it is logical
to assume that nothing holds them. Therefore,
what is the verdict with PWZs? We work according
to the remaining principles. Let's add some
benefits here. There are two types of PWZs
in Albris. Tell us about them.
As well as Wildberries and Ozon. Either it's
a head company or it's an IP franchise. Therefore,
if we want to protect ourselves, we still
contract with a head company, and we pass
the PwZ with IPs.
— Why? — Because, look, the IPs are so crazy,
they took the franchise, they are smiling
between zero and some pennies. That's why,
well, have you seen these successful owners
of PVZs, spreading the vastness of our vast
country on Rolls-Royce? I haven't met a single one.
But I've met a bunch of poor people who are
dealing with it. That's why the franchises,
those who open the order point on the franchise,
and not the head company,
This is an increased risk of concession, it
can be the first business for a person, it
can be the only business, or vice versa, non-professional,
and so on. In general, if we have a contract
to rent some IP, like Ivanov, Petrov, Novikov,
Sidorov, and not, for example, RVB, as in
the case of Wildberries, or not the main company,
as in the case of Ozon, then there is an increased
risk zone. Therefore, such a picture was made
by the Andretti team, special respect, respect
and gratitude.
What? GAP is our main dish, and PVZ can be
a side dish for our ready-made marine business,
but not a main dish. Is it possible to eat
only side dishes? It is possible, but, as usual,
practice shows that the digestive tract will
be more loaded, to put it mildly. Therefore,
a side dish can be added to the main dish.
But the side dish, the main dish, well, we
don't seem to do that.
Yes, it seems to do the opposite, order the opposite.
Exactly the same here. So, we go further.
Pharmacies. There are also a lot of options,
I know a large number of people who create,
buy, sell, love pharmacies. They love to buy.
I'll explain why. Because the total check,
we are talking about GABA in regions, it is
often up to 10 million rubles.
And all that with the federal up to 10 million
rubles is used by the increased popularity
and demand. Here we have ALCO markets, but
we don't work with them at all. And here we
have pharmacies. Therefore, in our regions,
the most represented pharmacy network is April.
And the guys with April, despite their kind
of **** contracts for 100 years without indexing
and so on, they like to buy them. Do you understand?
Если говорить про индексацию с тем же апрелем,
то сейчас удается подписывать раз в 3-5 лет
на 5-7%.
That is, one-sided indexing with April can
be signed, yes, for some conditional 5-7
% and not annually. In the best case, three years,
if super lucky, once in two years, in one
-sided order. Of the minuses, yes, competition
is not related to April, but admit, as it says,
if there are 9 pharmacies in the house, we
will open the 10th. But you understand, the
neighboring 9th can close, and you are the
owner of this beautiful 9th pharmacy.
And the 10th was opened in April. This is
April by the drum. They now have 10 ,000 pharmacies
all over the country. Their plan is to open
30 ,000 pharmacies in 2030. Let's divide 20
,000 by the remaining 6, 7, 8, 9 for 4 years.
What do we get? They will open 5 ,000 pharmacies
a year.
April will open 5 ,000 pharmacies a year.
And let's see if we can make money on it.
Of course we can. 5 ,000 divided by 365. Look,
every day 13 new pharmacies open in April.
Every day.
Every day, with our help, without our help,
they open up. Can you imagine how many chances
there are for earnings? This does not mean
that they are bad lenders. We are talking
in comparison with the product retail, they
are worse. But they buy well at the expense
of a smaller check. Before we go to this topic,
let's answer a question from the chat. What
areas does April take?
From 40 to, let's say, 90 meters by
our open pharmacies. So, Pavel writes, and
then close them in reverse order. It's not
April that needs to be closed, it's the neighbors
of April that will have to be closed in reverse order.
April is no big deal, yes. April is a five
from the world, well, a five from the world
of pharmacies. Dmitry Nomov asks, besides April,
is it worth watching other pharmacy networks?
Just list the good pharmacy networks that
you think are worth working with.
Regla, Gorzdrav, Implosia, Vita... Здравсити Здравсити,
азбука здоровья. Давай я скину файл, у нас
есть файл топ-200 аптечных сетей. Ты это
записывай себе, а то мы потом никогда в жизни
не отправим все, что ты нам обещали. Или сейчас
сразу же отправишь. Вот, держите вам, топ
-200 аптек РФ. Ну все, отправляй. Лара спрашивает,
банки не рассматриваются как арендаторы? Рассматриваются.
Банки хорошие, но арендаторы у них просто мало.
There are just few of them in quantity, and
they are sold in quantity, so yes, banks like it,
it's serious, for a long time, blah-blah-blah.
They are sold well, GAP with banks. Therefore,
if there is a magical opportunity to create
a GAP with a bank, create it, but now we do
not consider them, because there are few of them.
Well, you will not earn systematically on banks.
On five, you will be, on coins you will be,
on deposits you will be, on banks not.
So, what's next? Let's summarize your ideal object.
Well, look, what is the ideal object for me?
Well, here you drew a picture of a separate
standing building, right? I'll correct it
a little bit. Look, what do I correct? First
of all, let's talk in one language. OSZ is
our separate standing building, right?
I will be honest, I am a lover of MCDs,
I will explain why. But the OSZs still have
a spectrum of potential buyers on them, as
practice has shown, more.
What I don't like in the OSZ, and now on this
slide I will compare OSZs with MKDs. Look,
when I have a five on the first floor of a residential building,
my roof is not mine, it is common, the walls
are not all mine, they are common, adjacent territory.
It is not mine, it is common. Therefore, hemorrhoids
and load on the contents of all flat surfaces
I have less. You understand? Communications
are also not mine, they are common. That is,
I spend there on the contents of communications,
flat surfaces, roofs, parking and so on, just
stupidly less carry.
But unlike MKD, there is a separate category
of lovers of separate buildings that love autonomy.
Everything is mine. Remember this Golum or Gorlum,
my love, this ring he stroked. The same thing.
In the OSZ, mainly lovers of my love.
Everything is mine, my territory, my communication,
my walls, my roof, everything is mine. But
for this mine is more hemorrhoids, more conditional
responsibility and load on content. Do you understand?
Therefore, of course, the ideal ready-to
-rent business is a five in a separate building.
And I would check 35-40 million. This, of course,
is already the final cost of resale. But,
colleagues, I will highlight.
Still, in the regions, retail products are
sold in a check of up to 30 million. Up to
30 million. Do you understand? And therefore,
when we create a five in a check of 15-20 million,
this is the cost if we create it with the
understanding that we will resell it in a check
of up to 30 million.
That's it. That's why my ideal gap for today
is OCC with a five or with a coin and in the
check up to 30 million. 35-40 is already
a lot. Okay, let's
move on. So, about traps.
We'll tell you. Let's go. The most popular,
not even a trap, but a scheme of deception
in a ready-made rental business. It can be
called a stretched owl on a globe. What does
it mean? Look. The map, the rental flow
is such that it hits the renter very hard.
He is not even drawing a high rate, but somehow
it happened there, somehow they agreed that
the rate is such. On the last broadcast, I showed
you that they called me, offered me a five
in Moscow for 160 million, with a map of 1 ,980 ,000,
but it sells for less than 20 million. Look.
An unrealistic or exaggerated map is the most
common scheme of fraud in the segment of a ready
-made rental business. Why? Because, look,
here's a five, let's look at the specific figures.
It pays, well, let's talk about the region,
it pays, for example, fixed parts, there,
350 ,000 rubles, right? But it trades, it...
For example, in the regions it happens less,
because even if they trade 10 million and
pay 5%, it already fits. By the way, these
schemes of fraud are more common. The closer
to Moscow, the more such schemes.
Because there the map is already measured
not a couple of hundreds, but a couple of
millions of rubles. And there, much more often,
this owl is pulled on the globe. In general,
what is the summary? We look at the product
retail turnover, multiply it by 5%. That's it.
This is the load that is comfortable for the store.
That is, if the five sells 20 million, it
is comfortable for her to pay a million. Well,
for Moscow, a million two hundred.
And if it trades 20 million and pays 2 million,
then it carries two times more load. This
load does not fit into its financial model.
And here we get the risk of downgrade, the
risk of lowering the rental rate. That's it.
That's such a trap. Further. Well, the absence
of dynamics in the turnover.
This is why we need to see the annual revenue cycle,
so that we could see the so-called seasonal factors.
Because sometimes we have a peak of dachshunds,
for example, and there the revenues grow,
or a peak of cattle herders in the winter period,
in different ways. Therefore, in order to
see the seasonal factor, we need revenue in dynamics.
за минимум один год. Если магазин работает
три года, будьте добры, получите, распишитесь,
предоставьте нам за три года данные. Дальше,
по ловушкам. Ну, мы с вами вчера говорили,
что обязательно нам с вами надо получить четыре
вида договоров. Это обязательно к сделке.
Договор по электричеству, договор по водоснабжению,
по водоотведению, в скобочках канализация,
и по отоплению.
That's it, four types of contracts. Why? Because
the absence of any of these contracts will
hit us very hard on the wallet in the event
of negative consequences. It can be indirect
contracts of some kind, it can be the absence
of a legal or illegal breach. It's hard to
solve everything with communications, especially
in separate buildings.
Therefore, how to protect yourself? It is
very simple. Get contracts with resource-supporting organizations.
The decision said to check the presence of
direct contracts on electricity. They may
not necessarily be direct, if the object is
in the Ministry of Internal Affairs. Fine.
Then we get a contract with the managing company
in which all this is prescribed.
So, an important thing for those who do not
know yet. If you will be told that if you
bought a room, all the old debts, all that
the owner did not pay a million rubles for heating,
this is his sins. This is true. If he did
not pay a million for water, it is true, his
sins do not apply to you. You cannot cut off
electricity and heating.
For the debts of the old owner. More precisely,
they can, but this is illegal. Because go
and sue him. I am now a new owner, and you
must provide me with food, my room, electricity,
other types of resources. If they were connected,
I am now new, I pay.
But the only debt that goes to the new owner
is the debt for capital repairs. And these debts,
as practice has shown, can be measured in
millions of rubles, colleagues.
We had a few deals this year, where we paid
for the amount of the debt of the capital renovation,
there was a delay in payment, or we made a bargain.
In short, how to find out? Get a certificate
of debt for the capital renovation. This applies
only to objects in apartment buildings. That's it.
There are no separate buildings there.
капитального ремонта. Так, дальше, про арендатора.
Ну, мы говорили, какие арендаторы ловушки
у нас бывают, да, у нас бывают такие вот ПВЗ пустышки,
вот, которые съезжают. У меня в практике была история,
когда только заходил в Айлберез, год это был
до 2020-го, сейчас не вспомню, в диапазоне
с 16-го по 19-го, с 15-го по 18-й,
вот так вот.
If you remember, the first Wildberries that
were opened were 150-meter ones with such
fitting ones, with such a series of fitting ones,
there were 15 of them. They were classic 150 meters.
When they came to us in the region, we bought
these Wildberries objects and gave them about
30-40 of them.
And then, after a couple of months, they sent
us a letter of happiness and wrote, guys,
we don't need 150 meters now, we need 50.
And we can pay, we can stay, but we will pay
not for 150, but for 50. Here are your calculations.
And we were shocked. And then I realized that
the policy of the party changes very often
with such a kind of tenant. Today you need 150,
the day after tomorrow 50. The day after tomorrow
they need to open 40 ,000, and the next year
they need to close 40 ,000.
Do you understand? They are very variable.
They are not attached to the object. They
can move quickly. That's why the empty PVZ
is such a risk zone. We have already talked
about the weak location magnet, but due to
the fact that they close very often, or rather,
they often close a lot in the last year, in 2025.
Therefore, to the magnet, please, with increased attention.
Further, on legal traps. Reconstruction. They
gnawed through the hole in the wall. We talked
yesterday about the algorithm of project development.
Therefore, this is a risk that you can take
on yourself, but there may be consequences.
There will be a crack, **** forbid, the house
will collapse.
Even if you didn't do it, you bought the object
in which the wall was gnawed. Yes, the opening
in the wall. Answer you.
Here is such a super trap. Further, reconstruction
under the guise of re-planning, well, the
same thing, yes, we talked with you. We call
a cadastral engineer, compare the technical
passport with the actual planning, look if
there are any additional openings, we get
the conclusion of the cadastral engineer.
In this way, well, plus construction. We also
do an expertise, not an expertise, but a technical conclusion.
I threw you the sample in the chat.
Let's move on. When we buy a separate building,
in 10 out of 10 cases, we require a fresh GPZU.
Why? Because here you can see on the picture,
on the GPZU, there may be an expansion of
the driving part and your building is already
under demolition. Do you understand?
And we faced such a situation last year, where
the guys saved money at the legal conclusion,
at the legal conclusion, did not make a legal conclusion,
did not order the GDPR, bought an object for
27 million, and they are told good evening
when they become owners. Well, here's the thing,
we will demolish you in six months. That's it.
And this is in the GDPR. Further. We wanted
to sort it out. Yes, Egor?
What's our plan? Concrete? And you have no sound.
about a room that was bought as a storage,
and a piece of the foundation was cut out
there so that the area was larger. A brilliant solution.
And here a reasonable question may arise among
those who are watching us, those who are studying now.
And how can you buy something in such a market?
And in order to cheer you up and to make these fears...
We are scaring you not to say, like, run,
don't do it, but to protect you. Look, you
refused this year from one of the storage facilities,
right? Where the foundation was cut out. Yes.
Is that right? Yes. Tell me, please, now you
are opening a new storage facility. How many
rooms were bought for these storage facilities
that were approved? What? How many? Bought?
Yes. How many were bought?
For what period? For this year. For 20, well,
for the 26th year. How many stockings did
you buy? 13 so far. And how many stockings
did you buy in 2025?
about 80 and 80 warehouses were opened
either in 1925 or are now being opened in December,
right? yes, they will be opened what I want
to pay attention to here yes, you need to
pay attention to many things when you work indeed,
if you buy objects without thinking, you can
buy either a box or a building that will be
demolished but if you do everything according
to the algorithm, if you do everything correctly,
if you do not focus on one object, but check
several and so on
then in this case the deals will be... Yes,
we talked last time about the premises of
the storage that did not fit, because the
foundation was cut out. But at the same time,
working on this systematically and checking
not a single storage, not a single room, but
hundreds of storage, hundreds of rooms, we
managed in one year, it turns out, in a year
and three months managed to buy off the storage.
How many rooms? 80 last year, and this year
how many did you say?
Now it's $13 ,000. $13 ,000. So, 93 rooms
were found and sold in this year. I'm telling you,
$13 ,000 is for a new operator. How many more
guys did they buy? No, $80 ,000 was bought
for different operators last year. This year,
$13 ,000 is only for a new one. I'm interested
in it in general. Well, no, well, stocking.
Our guys, if there are 13 of them, well, about
30 today, plus or minus.
Good. In general, this is the thought that
I wanted to convey. Yes, in a ready-made
rental business, you always need to be alert.
If you buy a room, check it over, if you work
according to this algorithm, do everything correctly,
then you will not fall into a trap. But at
the same time, you do not need to worry about
the fact that you do not need to invest money
in anything else, because now, today, there
are enough objects on the market and investors
are needed in it.
So, Dmitry, look, we are now approaching the
stage when the residents of the Academy should
connect to us in order to tell about their objects,
demonstrate them. Did you warn them in advance
that they need to connect, or do we need to
send them a link now?
I'll send it now. What's the name of the person
who wanted to disassemble this object? He says,
I want to buy. I've been watching for a long time.
Colleagues, who wanted? Now I'll open our chat.
Please write in the chat who sent this object
for disassembly.
Let me explain what is happening now. We promised
that it will be a practice, including the
analysis of the projects of ready-made rental businesses.
We asked you today, before the beginning of
the training day, to send several objects.
Before that, they wrote that it is possible.
And today we were sent three objects for analysis.
We will now go through these three objects
and just show how the initial consideration
of this object is going on, whether it is
worth working with it further and trying to
understand it. After that, we will move on.
Vasily, if you are here, press the hand, I'll
turn on the microphone and we'll figure out
this coin with you. I like it, I'll tell you
right away. Vasily, there is a button below
to react, press it and raise your hand. We'll
turn on the microphone and talk about it.
Vasily, hello, I turned on the microphone
for you. Vasily, press the button to turn
on the microphone now on your own.
You will have a button. Oh, I turned it on.
Hello. Good evening to everyone. Hello, hello.
Yes, Dmitry, I have been watching this object
for about two months. I went there to see.
So far I have such doubts. In the sense that
the ratio of revenue to the monthly rental
payment is not very clear to me. Is it beneficial
at all for the coin or not? Where does it
stop me?
That's why I was waiting for the practice
to discuss it with you. And I would like to
hear your opinion on the account of this object.
Okay, now I'm going to send a link to the
guys from the Academy, the mentors. So, Zhenya Barbolin,
I'll send it now. What link are you sending?
Direct to Zoom or a link to the practice?
Direct to Zoom, direct to Zoom. Okay, great.
Otherwise, they won't let them on the practice,
most likely.
Yes, we have Dima Khrupin and Andrey Turok.
And Ruslan will also connect, Avdeev.
And Vasya Kroyerov too. Now I will live for
3 seconds in real-time mode. Did Ruslan send
any object? If he sent, send it to me, I need
to add it. We did not add Ruslan's object.
And I will turn on the demonstration. Ah,
we will give him a presentation, right?
Vasily, look, let's go back to the coin. First
of all, the company is called the first line,
the Chelyabinsk guys, right? This is the first.
Do you know, do you not know, did you communicate
with them or did you just communicate with
the manager? I only communicated with the manager.
Look, cool guys, they were with us in the academy,
I forgot their names, there are two guys,
then they split up. Well, in short, cool guys,
I called today for this announcement, all
the documents were sent, they are very well done,
everything is fine. Cool, right? Let's talk
about what is embarrassing. The ratio of revenue
and MAPA is embarrassing. And it seems as
if the coin pays too much, trades badly. Right?
I heard. Yes.
So, let's take a look at the numbers and the rubles.
The coin, I'll show you how much it sells
per month. For the last two months,
it's about $3 ,600.
Look, they started in September, they had 11200,
1 ,127 ,000,
then 2 ,900, 2 ,900, 3 ,600, 3 ,600, February
short 3 ,100, and now 3 ,600. Look, let's see,
what is the area with you at this coin? In
my opinion, a little better, 200 meters.
226. Here, look. We get 3600. We will now
divide 3600. Calculator. 3600 divided
by 223. We will get 16000 square meters. Yes?
And let's divide the normative, the minimum
normative of 500 and 5 by 5 million. Yes?
We will get
10 ,000? 5 million divided
by 500. Look, see? 10 ,000 from the meter.
That is, look, Vasily, to what? Here is the logic,
right? To the fact that if we calculate the
profit from a square meter, everything will
fall into place. And the confusion with the
coin occurs because it opens in smaller areas.
This is when we think about a five, well,
a five is bad when it is five, but a five
is twice as much in area. And most likely
for the coin, these returns are the first normative,
and the second, taking into account the understanding
that the coin now has an active expansion,
that if we answer the question whether it
will close or not, well, let's not guess,
but we can only assume.
And now all the factors say that with a greater
proportion of probability it will not close,
the revenue is normative, the revenue is growing,
most importantly. That's why here I actually
like this, if it's easier to say, I like the project,
I would trade at the price. Give me the number
right in the forehead, what would you buy
for yourself? This project. I would buy it
for 12.
In short. But I understand that there is a fairly
high added cost here. And I would, what to do,
I would, Vasily, go through the algorithm
that we talked about yesterday. Because, look,
there is a fresh list, cool. I don't know
if there is a GPZU. Do you have a fresh GPZU?
No, I only learned about it yesterday. All
these documents that they sent you, I also
have them.
Here, look, what do we have with you? We have
a fresh release, we have a contract for renting
with a coin, we have a product turnover certificate.
Yes? Cool. Already good. Already much better.
I didn't request contracts with resources.
I don't know if you have them or not. Resigned
or not resigned. I didn't know either. I didn't
request either.
Look, what do you need? You are interested.
If, for example, there is an objection about
the fact that they are trading badly, I believe
that they are trading enough for this area.
This objection, let's say, was removed. For
this area, it's good. And the plus is growing.
Well, to be honest, I would have bought it
for $15, but of course it's cheaper.
So, let's say, if tomorrow you were offered,
I don't know, 13 million, you would say yes
with a greater probability. Look, what can
you do? You can ask them to sign a contract
with the funding organizations.
You can ask them for a technical passport,
because they most likely bought a two-story building,
then did the decadastration. Yes, we would
understand what and how they destroyed there.
Or maybe, well, you know how, look for what
you can dig up. In a good sense. Well, and
not even dig up, you take it yourself, right?
Understand there, how much everything is ok
for you. In short, contracts with resource workers,
we get four contracts. GPZU, if they resist,
although the guys are experienced, we say,
guys, we need a fresh GPZU.
not the one from last year, but the relevant one.
Please, order it. The contract, the technical passport,
and I would call a cadastral engineer, get
the cadastral engineer's report, and the report
of the technical specialist for visual inspection.
And based on that, I would make a decision.
Vasily, my algorithm remains the same. There
is a company...
Well, everything is clear, yes, everything
is clear for me now. The most important thing
is that you are my people. I was waiting for
this practice to agree with you. And I hope
that I will move on. The main thing is that
there was no excitement after... Look, what
you are saying now is called the effect of FOMO,
the effect of lost profit.
Yes? That is, look, this ad is on Avito, and
you think that now everyone will rush to buy it?
Very unlikely. I hope, I hope. Very unlikely.
And here you know what philosophy works, too,
I will share. I always know how to buy any objects,
projects, I always and everywhere in time.
If you call and they tell you, for example,
listen, I have three more buyers,
As it usually happens, as soon as interest appears,
often realtors behave like this, right? And
I still have three, but if you don't give
a million rubles today, tomorrow these two
will definitely buy. I always say this, guys,
well, if I'm the third, you first deal with
these two first, and then call me.
Well, I'm an educated, intelligent man, despite
the fact that I'm bald, but I'm extremely
intelligent in my soul. Therefore, I give
in to these two of you. Do you understand?
That is, never get involved in these stories.
Otherwise, you become a hostage of this object.
And it feels like you owe it to him. I have
in my head, you know, how I changed the role.
I don't give a **** if I buy this object or not.
Вообще. Не куплю я, куплю другой. Их еще будет
несколько тысяч на рассмотрении в моей жизни.
Я этому объекту ни хрена ничего не должен.
И самое, знаешь, какая крутая установка? Это
не мне надо купить, это им надо продать. Понимаешь?
Им надо продать. Это у них проблема, el problema.
foreign
When you will be conducting negotiations on
this book, can you see the title? Yes. You
can see it, right? That's it. Look, I sincerely
recommend you to read it. It's really awesome.
You know, there is a description of the need.
You don't need it at all. I conduct all my
negotiations according to this methodology.
Thank you very much. I wish you good deals.
Dmitry, before we go further, we have a war
of questions in the chat. I wanted to leave
it at the end, but let's answer it now. First,
can a physical person buy commercial real estate?
Yes, you can. ****, look, you have this, look,
if you still have doubts about physical face
and P, well, in short, let's do this, for
simplicity of understanding, plus or minus
is one thing. Well, let's do this, right?
You buy a physical face, but you need to report
like a P, blyat, fly.
Because, look, when you buy GAP, you get money,
you do business, and this business
is aimed at a systematic gain of profit. You
get a rent. Can you give up your face? You can.
Well, why the ****? Well, guys.
Well, in 99.9 % of cases we do so. Before,
and I too, I bought the first room, I handed
over as a fiscal officer of the same company Invitro,
right? Then the tenant is a tax agent, pays
for me, these are the deposits there, this
is **** from under the horse. If you do it,
do it right away, normally, correctly. Correctly
conduct ATPs.
If you sell a physical person, do you have
to provide a check? I don't know, it's a question
to the accountant. I'll answer, yes, sure.
What to do next? What to do if there is no
cash register? Start a cash register. You
can't sell a physical person who needs to
issue a check without cash register. You can sell,
but the check needs to be deducted. If you
don't deduct the check, you will receive a tax
penalty in the amount of an undefeated check.
Yes, you know, we can lean to the questions,
the answers to which will be so cold, get dressed,
hungry, eat. How long does it take to register
a cash register? One day. In one day, today,
you can make a cash register.
If there is a goal to sell the object to a physical person,
it will work. You will succeed, do not worry.
Services to open cash machines, now everyone
is dumping on this market, cost a penny. Relatively
to the cost of the room. Therefore, that's it.
That's it, we've dealt with the checks, we've
dealt with the cashiers, we're working on it.
You won't be able to work as a physical face
in Gabba, that's it. You'll have to either
open an EP or a physical face. Nothing complicated.
In order to open an EP, you need to leave
one application in King Cove. That's it. Yes,
quickly. So, our guys have arrived, mentors.
Let's sort out the project. Come on, no, no,
no, we're not done yet. There are two more
surprises waiting for you ahead. You don't
know about it, but I've added two more objects
for you to sort out, which were recorded in
the chat.
While you were resting. Move forward through
the presentation and you will see. Sorry,
that's all. This is the object that was sent
to us, but unfortunately the announcement
was closed. It is not clear whether they sold
it or were desperate, but it seems to me rather
the second. But just, unfortunately, this
full-fledged analysis will not work. But
what can you say about this input data? Read it,
please, and then I will add what else I saw
in this announcement.
Let me add here what I saw. This is not some
kind of tenant. This is not a warehouse, not
your warehouse, not a mega warehouse, and
so on. There are no signs there, there are
just iron doors one after another.
And the storeroom is just broken into this room,
14 storerooms from floor to ceiling.
The corridor on the left and on the right
is just a series of storages. What would you
say about this object? Is it worth considering it,
is it not worth it? Look, let's go, don't
break the algorithm. We have an algorithm.
That's it. We get a receipt, a contract with
the remaining organizations, a technical passport,
a contract with the tenant, in this case with
the tenants. Look, nothing changes at all.
We take it according to the algorithm.
Here, again, the question of deposits, if
they are not given through the operator, but
through the physicist, well, again, we look
at all these agreements and understand that
in your facility there are 14 tenants, and
you will periodically communicate with them.
One has left, you will communicate. The second
has left, you will communicate. That's it.
Therefore, here you make the decision yourself,
the ratio is based on quality. Plus, look
at the presence of household communications.
This will be indicated in the cadastral engineer's conclusion.
In the algorithm, we talked about it.
where and how they pass, if there is a communication
that needs to be provided without obstacle access.
That is, we are strictly following the algorithm.
Yesterday we were disassembling. Nothing new.
In order to answer the question of whether
everything is OK or not OK, I need to see
the discharge, technical passport, cadastral
engineer's arrest, preliminary legal conclusion,
agreement with the support organizations,
photo and video reviews, and an agreement
with 14 tenants.
And then my answer will be all-encompassing.
And here you can also add that this is not
a gap, this is an operational business after all,
since there is no management company here
that takes operational work on the search
for clients, on the signing of contracts with them.
to receive payments and so on, this is not
a ready rental business. This is an operational business,
where you need to manage 14 warehouses and
take on the task of marketing, sales department,
execution department. You will need three
departments in one unit to earn 55 thousand
rubles a month. And the collector's department
will pay the debts. Yes. 55 thousand rubles
for operational business. Can, but why? Can,
but why?
Therefore, if it is short, it is probably
not worth diving here. Let's go further. Let's go.
You sent Gabba. Gabba. Oh, also a coin? Yes,
you can follow the link. I posted it in the
presentation below, and you can watch this announcement.
It was also sent to the analysis by our participants.
Well, let's do this. I like everything that
is now with the coin. Pay attention, there
we had 65 ,000 square meters, here we have,
respectively, 45 ,000 square meters, yes,
44 ,848. So, according to the classic genre,
we again need RTO.
за все периоды. Окупаемость 8 лет. Да, видел.
Да, вот опять же, видите, обратите внимание,
в ремонт вложено больше 14 миллионов. Давайте
-ка посчитаем капекс. У нас там какая площадь
с вами, коллеги? Егор, какая площадь? Не вижу.
Help me. Where is the area? 330. 330. And
we divide 14 million rubles by 330. We
get CapEx 42 ,000. As we said, the coin has
CapEx from 40 to infinity. In our practice,
up to 80 ,000 rubles per square meter. Therefore,
in order to answer, again, look, 15. What
map do we have? We had 15 there, and the map
was 230. And here is the map.
map map map map map map map map map map map
map map map map map
map map map map map map
Here, again, you see, a comparative analysis.
You can, as they say, throw a link in the
face of this wonderful person, right, and say,
hey, what are you doing, look, what 15 million
to the **** dogs, there, for 15 million, there's
what's being sold. But I'm joking, I'm exaggerating,
yes, but the logic is such, a comparative analysis.
Comparative analysis. In order to make a decision further,
again, colleagues, according to the classics,
the algorithm, 1, 2, 3, compote, but the napkin calculation,
we look at RTO, request a receipt from the
turnover and the lease agreement. Mad traffic.
Guys, Ruslan, Vasya, see? Use terminology.
Mad traffic.
Crazy traffic. So, the best store in the game,
or game, percent turnover, 3%. You see, the
coin is 3%, it's ****, right? 4 % they usually gave,
now 3 % signed them. Egor, still, yes,
algorithms, we need documents, first, second,
third compote, but at least to say by numbers,
certificates with RTO.
Yes or no? Should I continue to work on this object?
For me, yes. I would take such an object to
work if my task was to buy a ready-made coin.
But now, of course, Avdeev presents us with
a super Lucha-Revillage coin that needs to
be taken without looking.
Yes, that's right, that is, the conclusion
is that it is possible to work it out, that is,
in advance, yes, it is possible to work it out,
look for the disadvantages, bargain, and it
is very important to bargain, because we can
look here, the map is under 100, that is,
the price of this object, if we read the occupancy
of the map, is under 100, but this does not
mean that we will not buy it cheaper. Work
out the project, find the disadvantages, communicate,
bargain. I opened the chat and see, Evgenia writes,
if the reference is not given by mouth, but
probably here, Evgenia, the extra letter M...
But if they don't give the right answer with
their mouth, with their hands...
If they don't give the RTO certificate, then
there is something to hide. Evgeny, look,
it's normal. We convince them. We say, well,
comrade, mister, seller, what do I buy from you?
I buy you an real estate object with a renter,
and the renter sits there to trade. And he trades,
whether well or badly, only according to the
RTO certificate. Therefore, if they don't
give it, the question is, why don't they give it?
Yes? Why? Well, maybe it sells for a million.
Well, then, and here they are, you understand,
and therefore do not give. Therefore, we knock out,
Evgenia, knock out. If they do not give, we
connect other organs of incision and aboniation
and knock out them, this reference. So, Egor,
what's next?
Ruslan Avdeev, hello Ruslan!
Hello, I understood everything by the timing,
then let's go through our projects that can
be bought here now. Who will open the presentation,
please? You sent it to me in person, right?
Yes, look in person, please.
One moment, I'm opening it. Ruslan, a few
words about yourself. Well, I'm a resident
of the Academy since the first year of the Academy.
It has been there for a few months. I was
still warming up in Dima's channel. I write
and say, I'm interested in being an investor.
Dima wrote to me, go to the minimum training,
it costs 100 ,000 rubles. I'm like, oh, no,
100 ,000 rubles, what is this? In general,
he left, still warmed up, warmed up, in a month,
probably, I write, I'm ready, they tell me,
now it costs 300 ,000, and no matter how much
I do, I can't do it.
I didn't get a chance to trade at all, I got
a maximum extension and paid from a lawyer,
but I'm still happy that I got into the community.
Since then, I haven't had much commercial experience,
there was no commercial, there was only flipping.
There were also trades, but there was no commerce.
During this time, I accepted this information
with an open mind.
I worked. Now I have 5 open coins, 5 VBs
and 2 individual treasure troves. Serpukhov?
And where else did you buy? In Voskresensky.
Moscow-Skobulce too? Yes. And what's the
area there? 137. And how many cells? 34. Not enough?
As many as there are. Okay, let's do it separately.
About the introduction of Ruslan, if anyone
is interested in who Ruslan is, whether it
is worth working with him and so on, and so on.
By the way, are you aware that an hour ago
your video was released on YouTube?
An hour ago, on Dmitry Novikov's channel,
the Academy of Ready-to-Earn Business, there
was an interview with Ruslan Avdeev. You can
go and watch it after the practice. It's 40
minutes long, it's super fun. Send the link
to Egor's practice chat. We will send it after
the practice. Thank you very much. I am the
owner of the legal company Start, I have been
in this company for 14 years, about 70 plus employees.
2000 jobs at the same time. This is my main business.
And for me, creativity is a ready-made rental business.
Let's see, is Kostya Vasilyev with us or not?
I don't see him. No, Kostya is here. Well,
he has plus 4 hours. Angu, give me the coin,
please. This one, right?
Anguday? Yes. How do we call geography, guys?
It's a relative of Arkadak, I think. No, you're
underestimating here. You think that maybe
it's Anguday, it's somewhere...
And this is the Republic of Altai, this is
a tourist region where real estate grows and
grows and grows every year, and it is much
higher in comparison with neighboring regions,
with the Altai region, its cost. And now we have,
due to the fact that this is a tourist region,
a good bet with a coin has been agreed. Right now,
preparation is still being made for the lease
agreement of future things.
Ruslan, can I? Nina is sitting next to me.
I just want to read it.
An analysis of the location. Nina, listen.
Anguday is a promising tourist center on the
Chuysky Tract between Siminsky...
And Chiquitaman pass with lakes, waterfalls
and Uch-en-Mec park. Yes. Well,
it's amazing. You can already go for such
names to see what it really is, what is Chiquitaman.
That's cool, Ruslan. No, it's true. So, this
village is located on this car artery. Everyone
passes through it. There is a tourist flow.
Therefore, we expect that the coin will trade
well there. And the most interesting thing
is that if you go to see the GABA market in
the Republic of Altai, you will not find it there.
There are a lot of operational businesses,
but there are no such ready-made rental stores there.
There are just a few. Therefore, as you understand,
it will be profitable to implement this for
speculative purposes. Let's move on. Now Ruslan
will try, I will cut.
Oh, I need to do some magic again. That's
all the same.
We compare the future buyer with Herman Gref,
because all major players are actively investing there,
and that's why there is such a growth.
Colleagues, again, you see what offer. Ruslan,
on the first slide of the presentation, you
need to write, what are you worse than Griev?
This is a comparative analysis. This is not
our hut, it will be beautiful. 99 million.
Yes, Egor. 220 thousand rubles per
square meter. Well, that's it. I'm telling you,
of course. To understand the price.
Yes, and here is our small store for
500 square meters, it will no longer fit in
the area, but it will also include a coin
and satellites. We think that a coin will
take 400 meters, and for 50 meters we will
count on a public health center and a pharmacy.
Here is the agreed bet, 1200 per square meter,
that is, 480. We do not
make such a detailed pre-agreement at once,
all three of us, because there is no point
in it. Because if we have an anchor, then
with the rest we will figure it out. Both
pharmacies and public health centers will
Colleagues, pay attention, in the previous
two cases, pay attention, an important thing,
the turnover rate was 3, here it is 3.8.
This is now a maximum of 4, it is very difficult,
they do not give. Yes, well, and fix 480.
Yes, here is the calculation, look what. About...
Regarding the indexation, this is not yet
a confirmed issue, so we are just counting
on a fix. The product turnover, **** willing,
will be all right, because it is a tourist region.
If a speculative investor comes here, then
he will clearly sell according to the fix.
Therefore, we estimate that up to 40 million purchases,
600 plus on the map. Well, in my opinion,
it's great.
We are partners with Kostya Vasilyev. We have
already implemented two construction projects
in Altai. And this will be the third project.
We have already completed it. We are not worried.
This is the economy. So,
Ruslan, we have a final offer. This is a construction project.
Are you buying a land there now? Yes, on a deposit.
What is the cost of the land plot? 4 million.
We buy the land plot for 4 million rubles.
Then, accordingly, construction plus all the accompaniment.
The total is 39.5. Accordingly, the financing
schedule is stretched to 6, 7, 8, 9 months.
You will tell in detail. And, accordingly,
at the exit, we plan a map of 600 thousand plus.
Yes. This is such an enlarged economy. Some
moments are still discussed with the coin.
Part of the indexation is fixed.
Question from the chat. Marina asks, is the
tourist flow connected with seasonality? Of course.
In winter, will it be necessary to sell products
to bears?
in the winter for the residents of the village
of Anguday and a smaller tourist flow. They
travel all year round. Of course, in the summer
there is just a huge flow, in the winter it
also exists. Well, that is, if you buy my last,
last offer, which will be today, a coin in
the stands, there is no tourist flow. We are
starting from three and a half thousand residents
who live there. This is a completely different situation.
Okay, next question. Dmitry asks, please tell
us about 3 million rubles per team. 8. 8 rubles
per team. 8 rubles per team. 8 rubles per team.
8 rubles per team. 8 rubles per team. 8 rubles
8 rubles per team. 8 rubles
per team.
What do we sell? Dima has already said the information.
The most important thing here is that we know
that this location has been approved.
We already own it. The question of financing,
where it will come to us faster, will it be
a bank or an investor? This question is still hanging.
As for the commission itself,
It will also be distributed according to the
payment schedule, so that we are
as interested as possible before the project
is completed, before the store opens, so that
it happens as quickly as possible and in the
most favorable conditions for the investor.
Well, in the end, considering that this
is a half-year-long support of the project,
construction, construction supervision and
so on, in addition to this value of information,
this is a support of the project, therefore,
an adequate
And you do not assess the size of this commission,
but you assess that you buy MAP 600
Plus for 40 million in a tourist region where
it can be sold for expensive.
With a huge potential for development. Yes.
Good. Do you have any other projects that
you want to present? Yes. The coin in the stands.
Very briefly, yes. Here it is. Because I already
have time. The coin in the stands. Don't be
in a hurry, everything is fine. Okay, okay,
sorry. The coin in the stands. They made such
a beauty. They filled in the concrete site,
made a repair. The coin, here are these 40.
I invested 1000 per square meter, the store
is brick, the former SELPO is now in excellent condition,
the electricity is 65 kilowatts.
Central heating. Such a beautiful Aprel pharmacy
came to us for 25 years. You see, beautiful,
cool, everything is wonderful. Now the
MAP is 205, this year the MAP is 238.
And now it costs 17.5 million. And, Dima,
I'll send you the updated turnover, if
you want to open it or not. In general, for
the last year, this coin has sold out from
3 million to 7. It went through such a path.
Considering that the payment of the coin itself,
taking into account the first indexation of 168,
is not a temporary payment for them, it is
even less than 5%. We know that from 5 % to 7%,
if the store pays by rent, then this is a normal
range for them.
We are even lower here, they pay us a little,
so there is no risk of closure. This is the
first point. The second point is that when
the coin was developing, I constantly received
information from them that they need all the
regions in which they do not exist, rural areas,
administrative centers, and, accordingly,
we are the only store in the regional center
in the Tabun region.
I have no fear
that this store will close. All the main players
are already presented there. Magnit, MariaRa,
Pyaterochka. And it turns out that we have
already eaten our traffic from them. So there
is no such thing that Magnit will suddenly
open and our turnover will fall there. No,
we took it from them, everything is fine.
Okay. Let's summarize. What
are the lenders, what is the price, what is
the total MAP, what are the indexation conditions
and enough. This year the MAP is 238, now
the MAP is 205. Considering that the indexation
is one-sided, that is, we do not ask the coin,
but index it, then in 3 years the MAP will
be 270.
After 4, sorry, after 4. It costs
17.5 million already now, with the map 205,
this year 238.
April coins and a free tenant, which I put
on 60 meters, 25 thousand rubles and a very
small rent. Today we paid for the flooring,
we will make it, and we have two people who
want to live there, a public toilet and a hairdresser.
That's all. Unfortunately, only the third
local tenant has not been found yet.
Okay, let's do it. So, in the
first offer you have 39.5 million rubles
and a map of 600+. Two offers on coins. One
is a project, the other is a ready-made GAP.
I won't take this time, but I'll copy my message
and send it to the chat. I also have a collection
of VBs. How many VBs do you have in rubles?
VB Voskresensk, Moscow region, map 118, cost
9.5 million. VB St. Petersburg, map 135,
cost 12.5 million. VB St. Petersburg, map 215,
cost 18.5 million. VB Rubtsovsk, Altai region,
map 89, cost 7 million.
Is it already working or is it a project?
It's already working, all the projects are
already on rent. Objects in ownership? Objects
in ownership. And before we let you go, please
share with us how much, in your opinion, can
this coin be sold on Altai according to the
speculative strategy in the future, when everything
will be rebuilt, sold and so on? Which one
do you mean first? Yes, yes, yes. I think
you need to own it for a couple of years while
the map is still growing and sell it for 20,
then when the map will be 250.
The first one that is being built, Egor says.
The one that is being built, I think that
it should be sold according to the Moscow occupancy,
because it is a tourist region.
Well, let's call it an orientation. We went
in at 40 million, in two years we plan to
go out at 70 million. And at this time we
will receive a rent of 600 thousand. And we
sell it to local investors, right? Altai?
No, no, this is just this object, no. No,
it's Muscovites. Gref invests there, so all
his friends will go there to buy. Do you have
an offer to sell this hub?
Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you, Ruslan,
thank you, dear. Thank you, super. Egor, please
send a link to an interview with Ruslan, there
is even an interview. So, Natasha, Natalia Ardonskaya,
probably, yes. She wants to say, I'm buying now.
Natasha, you turned on the microphone, come on,
hello. Hello, I have a question. You sell maps,
some are very far away, if I have a home region
of St. Petersburg,
And I buy, for example, in Altai. Who does
the operation there? May I answer? Last question,
Ruslan, come on. May I answer? I listed to
you 5 coins, 5 VBs, 2 stock. I was
from this list of objects only on one object
with stock.
Just because he was the first, it was interesting
for me to see. All coins are openly exploited
without my participation, all VBs are openly
exploited without my participation. When you
do it once, it's not a difficult task. You
have a plumber, electrician, builder.
All right, then.
Now Dmitry told me off with the Chelyabinsk facility.
He said that you are going to the operation,
right? You also have a remote warehouse. Tell me,
how do you go to the operation? As an operator,
of course. Tell me, as for a beginner, please answer.
Yes, construction is done with construction
brigades separately. Moreover, you hire a separate
builder and a separate construction supervisor,
who receives money for doing everything in
a high-quality way. This is one aspect, yes.
Secondly, you sign a contract with the operator.
The operator invoices on his own. He interacts
with all the people who come there. Here
is an interesting point. I am the eighth or
seventh month owner of this warehouse in Serpukhov.
Do I have operational questions? Yes. For example,
I am sent
The operator sends it to me. You have a coffin
at the entrance, the door does not open well.
I send this message to the management company.
Julia Anatolyevna, ask the janitor to remove it.
That's it, that's my approach. If the light
goes out there, my action will be to send
this message to the electrician, who is already there,
he has already installed the lights there,
all the contacts have been set up at the construction site.
I will send it to him, he will go and change
the light bulb, but there are other lamps,
we do not wait for the next couple of years,
I hope to replace them Well, that's it, that is,
these are all the questions that, when you
have done them once, they are then solved
in two times, so do not be afraid
I read the agreement with the operators. They
are not on my side at all. Yes. Only
you are on your side. It's normal. Natasha,
do you know what the solution is? What? Do
not read the agreement.
And what? With God's help, subscribe.
They don't owe me anything on this contract.
Just nothing. How? How? And marketing, and accommodation,
and money?
It's true. Marketing, accommodation and money.
They have to. They do it. They are motivated
to do well and give service to visitors. Why
are they motivated? Because if they have people,
you get money, they get their interest from you.
Motivation is direct. Everything is super.
How quickly were your warehouses occupied?
Now I have 77 % of Serpukhovs. This is the
seventh month of occupation. And Voskresensk
will just open next week. It's just built.
Okay, I don't have any questions yet. Thank you.
Ruslan, Natasha, thank you. Let's move on,
let's not lose the dynamics. Ruslan, thank you,
we're waiting for you. This was cool. Igor
will give you a link to an interview with Ruslan,
so that everyone can watch it. So, further,
further, further, further, further. We have
Dima and Andrey there. Come on, guys from Tyumen,
there are two of them, they are in the same office,
they have the same company. So, come on, Andrey,
hello, Dima, hello. So, if I turn on the microphone
for you, you'll probably be phoning, right?
Yes, probably. Dima is just right. Hello everyone.
Dima, hello. Hello, hello. So, what are we
going to sell, Andrey? Well, we're going to
sell a coin. A coin? Yes, now I'm going to
send you a presentation in person. Aha. I have
such magic here that I have this again, **** it.
Now, now, now, now.
I turn on the cart, and the mouse disappears
in the cart. Well, now, yes, different things
are happening. From the cart and completely.
Then I'm going to... I don't even know how
to heal myself. Now, okay, share, if I try
like this. Ah, this is probably... Well, okay,
I'll try to share. No way, I won't try.
There is a link in the description.
So, yeah, but there's a problem here. Ah,
how to close some of this now? How to make some...
Listen, let me try, maybe. Come on, will you try?
So, wait a second, I'll look at the documents now,
I'll find this presentation. Do you have a share
button in Zoom? There is a button, but...
So, wait a second, wait. I'll make a presentation
like this.
Let's try now. Wait. Let's share. So, now
let's see. Oh, there is. Fire. Resolved the problem.
So, interesting. I'm going to click from here.
Will be re-listed. Well, okay. My name is...
You can use arrows. Left, right.
My name is Andrey, the city of Tyumen, the
company Hit-Invest. From the very first day
we are in the Academy of Ready-to-Rent Business.
I want to say that this is the best community
in which I have ever been. And even if I haven't been,
the people and the filling of the community
are super-duper cool. What I want to tell
you is that there is an object, there is a project
that is interesting from my point of view.
It is located in the city of Kolomna.
So, I don't know what you can see here. So,
the total area of the room, this is a built
-in room in the new building, 780 square meters.
At 630 square meters, at the moment, two tenants
are agreed, a coin.
And the magnet. I will show the numbers on
the coin here, and on the magnet I will just
say in words what the economy is. So
630 square meters, here we have 4 meters of ceiling,
two separate passages plus a loading zone,
communications are central, all electrical
power is 100 kilowatts allocated to the object.
Here the location is shown, the arrow is indicated
where the object is located and two future MKDs,
which are also designed and will be built.
There is a five below, it is located inside,
not on the first line, inside a small residential massif,
so it sells 16-17 million rubles.
Therefore, in this housing complex, where
we will have an object along the road, good
advertising opportunities are visible and
I think that the trade will not be worse.
So, here are the conditions from the coin.
Wait a second, I can't see what's written here.
The total is 1 ,331 ,500, then the second
is 750 ,000, then to 6 ,150 ,000, the total
is 1 ,330 ,000.
Yes, I think it is not a very positive factor
with the coin. The coin did not give a percentage
from the RTO, from the word at all. They gave
a fix and there is a free area that can be
paid for 180 ,000 rubles. They broke this
fix for 6 years, from which the gradation
is visible. 1 ,150 ,000 for the sixth year
and 180 ,000 in total will be 1 ,330 ,000.
The occupancy is approximately 7 years, if
you count all this gradation, then 7-year occupancy.
Here is the planning, 630 meters, here will
be unloading. The input group takes this area,
either coin or magnet. By the way, on the
magnet I will say immediately the economy.
Magnit gives 5 % from RTO, the first year
500 ,000 rubles, the second year 945 ,000 rubles.
If we talk about Magnit, then in total it
can turn out not 1 ,330 ,000 rubles, but 1 ,125
,000 rubles. Well, the cost will be slightly different,
but here from the second year Magnit will
already pay completely.
full cost 945 thousand rubles fixed and 5 % from RTO,
depending on whether it will exceed this threshold value.
Well, probably, the first or second year is not,
but in the future, I think, it will be sold
out and the interest will be paid. Here, in fact,
this is what this object looks like. Loading,
input, second input.
Here inside, this is a new building, now there
is a rehabilitation and now in this month
should be received documents for the entry
into operation of this facility. Actually,
here is a link to the disk, where the photo
and video are more. The cost of the project
is 93 million rubles, all the expenses, the
terms of purchase can already be discussed
in personal messages, there are some nuances.
from the seller, so the total cost is 93 million rubles.
Actually, that's all about the project. This
is my QR code. So, colleagues, once again,
Andrey, what is the offer, the total budget,
the total MAP? The total MAP with the coin,
you see, since 2006 is 1 ,330 ,000, with the
magnet 1 ,125 ,000, the total budget is 93
million rubles.
And the location is Kolomna. This is the city
of Kolomna. The address is not specified there.
If anyone is interested, I will tell you the location.
Kolomna is in the Moscow region? Moscow region,
yes. Colleagues, here we looked at GAPS in
the budget of 93 million rubles. Andrew, thank you.
Thank you, dear. Yes. Thank you. Thank you.
So, Egor, move on. Yes, I'm going to remove it,
stop it. Aha.
Well, now from 90 million rubles, how do we
jump to 4 million rubles with kopecks, right,
Dima? Dima Kruppin, hello, Dima. Come on.
Hello, everyone. Hello, hello. Yes, we are
working together with Andrey. We decided to
move a little segmented for some time.
Well, as we agreed, he still has large projects,
and I have now decided to focus on small ones,
specifically with the Aprel pharmacy. I've
been working for the last three months, probably
actively working. Here is a good new project,
in great looks. Dima, how to open it? If you have,
can you turn on the share button in Zoom?
Can you start it? I'll try. So, come on.
The economy is 4200. Here, April
55 agreed. 30 years of the agreement,
94 years of one-sided indexation.
And the repairs are done by themselves in April.
Let's move on, let's see. Now it
will not be visible. Can you see the photo now?
Yes, Dima, you can see your cart. Open.
Can you see your cart? Yes, restart the demonstration,
select the window with the photo.
Here, yes. The room on the first floor of MKD.
One second. 42 square meters. Good location.
Alive. Very. Great looks. Yes, I said already.
Great looks. Pskov region. Here. First floor.
Street retail. In case.
Here. And.
It's not difficult to manage at all, except
for the relocation of accounts. The managing
company is engaged in the domestic territory.
April is engaged inside. That is, once a month
we relocate the accounts. Actually, that's it.
Very often investors are asked, what will
happen if it goes down? Well, if it goes down,
someone else will go. It's a very liquid area.
In general,
Everything is under repair. In April, they
paint the walls and put the equipment under them.
Now I'll show you... One second...
There, while Marina writes, the house is not
in a state of emergency. No, no, no. There
are all such. This is in the region, in fact,
a new building, right, Dima? Normal house.
Normal, normal. So, Dima, something is stuck.
Dima, oh, it's stuck, yeah.
No, Dima is frozen. So, let
me just summarize, tell you about the facility,
and then we'll move on. The facility is located
in the city of Velikiye Luki, it is not a village,
the population is 143 thousand people, it
is located in an apartment building on the
first floor. The area is 42 square meters,
with resource-supporting organizations, everything
is there, electricity, heating, water, drainage,
everything is in order. MAP is 55 thousand
rubles plus utilities, indexation is 8 percent
once every four years.
The pharmacy in April will need to provide
arena vacations to settle in. They are short,
only 3 months and 105 days. The price of this
project is completely 4 ,200 ,000 rubles.
Like Dima, right? ****, Dima is stuck. Dima,
please turn off this demonstration of the screen.
Maybe it will be easier. Let's wait a few
more seconds. If Dmitry doesn't lag, then
let's move on. So...
Ask Andrey Dima to turn off the screen demonstration.
I'll turn off the headphones. In general,
the city of Velikiye Luki, the Pskov region.
What other information do I need? The map
is 55 ,000, right?
****, something is wrong with Dima's connection.
Yes, I've talked about everything. We'll go
through the presentation again and tell you
about all the objects we've seen. Well, what
can I say? No, Dima,
your connection is...
So, let's go then. Dima, let's summarize.
You have such a trouble with communication.
In short, we summarize. 4200, MAP-55000,
the city of Great Luka. This is Gab with April.
That's it. Let's go on. So, Dima, turn off
the demonstration of the screen. So, well,
let's... We talked about the warehouse. We'll
give the word to Vasya Kroyerov and leave
it to the sweet Zhenya Barbolina, right? So,
Vasily Kroyerov. Hello, comrades.
Yes, hello, comrades, colleagues, like-minded people.
In general, hello to everyone. My name is
Vasily Kroyerov, from St. Petersburg. I have
been a resident of the GAP Academy for one
and a half years together with the team. I send
the best wishes to Dmitry, because entering
the Academy, of course, our life, both personal
and team, professionally,
It just changed in all directions. And here,
for sure, colleagues have already sung the deferambo,
right? And, you know, I will probably sing
on every broadcast, because the way we are
moving at what speed in the gobo-building
is just really a song.
And you know, since we're talking about storerooms
with you now, creating gaba on a growing market,
on a market of increased demand, is probably
just a gift for me for some achievements in
my past life. I don't know how else to call it,
because the topic is cool.
People are cool, the team is great, well,
you know, everything got into such a straight
line that really we as specialists get pleasure
not only creating gabs, but also launching warehouses.
We make, in fact, this world more free, because
those people who bring their junk or some
of their goods or something else to the warehouse,
they dig up their balconies, free them.
as much as possible.
We bring them into this niche and give them
the opportunity, by launching new storage facilities,
to change this world for the better. That is,
we manage these processes. Some are happy
and free, and others leave their mark in history.
Because now the topic of storage facilities
repeats the history of the United States,
Europe, where it has been growing and flourishing
for 50-70 years. And we have this trend since
recent years, it is only actively emerging.
And now, since we have limited time...
I want to say that, in particular, my team
and a dozen architects of Soul Storage, which
I lead in the academy, we all work hard, not
putting our hands down, so that there are
more such gaps for our customers. That is,
we work on projects, finding suitable premises,
agreeing on them, providing a full spectrum
of construction and installation work in order
to restore these warehouses, in order to then
pass on
in the management of federal lenders or management companies.
And, accordingly, we also have in sales such
already existing objects of ready-to-rent business,
which either only begin to bring passive income,
or have a grandiose potential to increase
that very rental flow. Here is one of the projects.
Dmitry, how best to act? On words, link to send?
In the channels that you see.
Throw it to me, I'll try it now. I learned
how to restart the cart. And
it restarted. So, come on. Throw it to me.
So, yeah. That's it, there's a contact. I'm
starting the demonstration now. Share, share.
And that's the story, right?
Uh-huh.
Yes, yes, you can see it perfectly. So, what
do we see? We have already launched an object
at the start of its filling. That is, it
was a project with a room with a warehouse.
And now, for this morning, 13 % of the warehouses
are already filled. That is, as you can see
in the video, it was...
There was such an invisible room, we investigated it,
agreed on it, carried out an analysis of the
location and performed the entire complex
of services for the reconstruction of the warehouse.
Now this room is essentially turned from empty
square into expensive cubic square. There
is a filling procedure of the storerooms.
We got 46 storerooms. And since we bought
a cheap square meter, but give away the cubic one,
we get a calculation map, that is, a calculated
flow of money from this room.
What I want to note is that we did not count
MAP in our forecast calculations, that is,
the money flow that will be received by the
owner for the period of replenishment, that is,
we counted these figures.
to ensure the most severe calculation economy.
And attention, we did not count the indexation,
which, according to the contract, allows to
index the amount of interest rates up to 40
% per year.
per year. We calculated the estimated profitability
within 5 years, according to the initial rate
that was initially calculated as a project.
Thus, this project now costs 12.5
million in open sources, and in the middle
of the next month it will be more expensive,
because the replenishment is growing.
But for the clients of the Academy and the Practicum,
the special price is 12 million at the moment.
Any questions, comments, suggestions are ready
to answer, advise and help to
figure it out. These are the projects we are
launching systematically with the team of
10 in the Academy.
We work on the objects, we coordinate, we
study the location, and all this allows our
activity as investors to receive stable passive income.
And those who want to grow their capital at
a different speed, we systematically launch
such objects, bring them to the market, sell them,
and repeat this cycle over and over again.
Super. In short, colleagues, once again, a summary.
12 million, MAP 190 thousand rubles. The potential
growth of this MAP, the profitability, there
you yourself will calculate. 12 million, MAP 190.
Here there is a line of variety of projects.
What is good about Gaba with deposits? This
is an opportunity to index the cash flow.
Why? Because, look, all operators reported
that in the past year they have indexed by 25%.
The money flow, or rather, the cost of renting
their warehouses. But since there, conditionally,
look, the rental of a warehouse costs, for example,
2000 rubles a month, and when the increase
is 25%, now a person pays 2.5. In life, something
has not changed much. And one of the cool
advantages of this industry model is that
there are small checks, a large number of lenders.
Secondly, the huge competitive advantage of
this business model is that there are no people
in this business model. It happens automatically.
A person comes, receives a code, picks it
up on the dialing panel and gets into his warehouse.
This model has a pronounced competitive advantage.
The model is cool, the niche is growing, the
market is growing. Vasily collects these gums
in packs from all over the country, from Kaliningrad
to South Sakhalinsk. So, welcome, contact us.
All right, Vasily? Thank you. That's it. If
you have money, come and buy. If you don't
have money, come and make money. If you just
want to be in a company with beautiful men,
that's also fine.
Thank you very much, have a nice weekend!
Hello, hello, Dima. As one famous Kazakh actor,
Sagi Ashimov, said... Very famous. Very famous,
Zhenya, very Kazakh. Well, I say that he's Kazakh.
He said, like this, there used to be youth
and beauty, and now there's only beauty left.
So, from the position of the most beautiful expert...
Yes, yes, yes. Continuing the topic of...
I don't know, I'll have to turn off the presentation now.
They're hanging something up here, right?
I sent... I sent it in person. Look, Zhenya,
there are 77 people sitting here. Some of
these 77 people clearly have money. In any case.
Then I'll try to load it, or not? Or... I'll
throw it in my face. They all have money in
their faces. They all have money in their faces.
So, while...
While we are on the move, we can start from anywhere.
I would like to join the trend of Ruslan Avdeev,
who talked about the mountains of Altai, because
we also have objects there, and coins, and five,
and even something I will show now, I will tell.
And one we have already tied in Manjurok,
on the same traffic. Here the lady asked,
how will you be in winter? In winter they
ride on mountain skis, and in summer everyone
goes to Altai.
who, what to do. Therefore, in general, there
is a very interesting project, it turned out,
all investors have already gone to register.
So, there is another five, there, a little further,
in Chimal, or to Monari, but if the presentation
is loaded, very well. And also I will add,
as they say, to the speech of Vasily Kroyerov
about the warehouse, because the warehouse
is our plan B for our drugstores, and right now,
on the eve, a little bit of such a residue
I have left before our call, with development
we talked,
in an acute phase, a little quarreled with
Ozone Fresh, because they signed for a cheap
bet not a very experienced market participant,
and I, of course, expressed my bewilderment,
that as I will bring my investors, they will say,
what a fool or what, with such a low bet.
But even with such a low bet,
Ozone Fresh in Moscow, although this is according
to the documents of Moscow, for today I am
exhibiting here in the chat 24 million. Do
you hear? 24 million with the map 330. Ozone
Fresh with five-year occupancy. Yes, there
is one small thin border. This is MKD, but
this is the outside. But we understand, I will
not lie that this law about MKD is coming,
but Megasquad.
I counted there. Megasquads folded there,
counted their squares. There are very well
planted warehouses. Maybe any operator and another.
Here, Dima, the new operator, opens. It does
not matter. As Plan B to choose. And I exhibit
this object as follows. That Ozone Fresh here
we go Plan B.
Zhenya, what object? What prize? There should
be right there. What is it called? It's written Scherbinka.
Scherbinka. I see it. Yes. Can you
see it? Yes.
Yes, yes. Here it is, dear. Moscow, colleagues,
Moscow. Yes, Moscow. The price is 24 million.
You need to take it right today. You can take
it on Monday. We are already in conflict.
The premises are ready. The agreement is signed.
I stopped him. They were offended at me. I said,
I want to take it myself.
Well, let's sign the owner, and then we'll
think about it. So, I suggest the following.
Let's let Ozone Fresh go there. Well, let
them sit for a year and a half before the
introduction of the law. Then let them, according
to the law, even drive them out of there.
Let them. They will make a repair for this money.
And then in the repaired premises, for the
money earned, we will install warehouses.
There is a sufficient number of households around.
They are from the yard, yes, we are standing outside.
We stand here, if you look from where the
photo is taken, there is a building behind,
it says Akhmat Sila on it. I was struck by
the interest, I thought, how is such an interesting
inscription in Moscow, you do not often meet.
This is actually a building on the border
of the Moscow region and Moscow.
And it began to be built in the Moscow region,
but they did not have time to finish it in Moscow.
And there they are still working on it, it
has been standing for 10 years, finished,
but not inhabited. In short, it is perfect,
perfect. Therefore, the price, pay attention,
I literally... 24 million Moscow, DarkStore,
Ozon Fresh tomorrow. They should have signed today,
I had such a very difficult conversation,
they say, why did you stop the owner?
I'm even with them now, I'll go on air now,
I'll take a buyer from there, I'll come, I'll
call the owner to start signing, I have a buyer.
Guys, but imagine, you don't need to do repairs
for the room under the fridge. It sounds like this,
we let Ozon Fresh pay us 330 ,000
rents a month so that we give him the opportunity
to do repairs, then we drive him out and put
the fridge.
Here you go. No cheating. Well, and further,
we go further. There is a plan C, there is
a plan C. I have guys, computer workers, who
for a small square meter, and here Ozone Fresh
sits for 700 rubles. Well, ****, for 800 rubles,
computer workers will sit. In a renovated room.
With water, with electricity, with ventilation,
with everything, with everything. Even a lifting
device will leave Ozone Fresh.
This is not all. This is plan C. I also have
plan G. Plan G. I had experience.
We bought a basement with my partner, also
in Moscow, in a storage room. But we found
out that it has windows.
And we made a cut there for small offices
of the C class, the G class, the cheapest,
for 900 rubles per square meter. And if you
see here, here is a bridge and some such constructions
with such visors are made. These windows are closed,
there are full-fledged plastic windows, not windows,
no, the same as the floor above. These windows
are right there. This is a window with windows
into the garden.
Yes, yes, these windows are right there. It's
just not visible here, but just like on the
first floor, there are such windows everywhere.
And according to Plan G, it is easy to cut
into office premises. Yes, you will have to administrate.
But we have already reached Plan G. If DarkStorm
goes down, if the state bans warehouses, if
athletes and computerists are also banned.
****, offices will be built, we will work.
And even if Trump dyes his hair in black or
shave it. Yes.
Even in this case, there is a plan. Yes, and now,
guys, 480 squares in Moscow. Moscow, well,
what are you, compare? So, okay, here sold,
Zhenya, come on. Yes, the next object. Stop,
stop, stop. Yes, please. There are questions,
I'll read them now. Yes, yes. First, I want
to praise you, you, like Magnus Carlsen, chess
game for 40 moves forward, thought. Thank you.
So, a question from the chat, Lara asks, will
Ozone Fresh take over the repair and pay for it,
is that right? Of course.
And Marina asks, the residents will complain,
there will be a crowd of bicycles, did they
get the consent of the owners and how to live
with it? Moreover, the owner is so confused,
he is currently conducting OSS
at home. What is OSS? General Assembly of Owners.
Such a guy is right here.
and he is talking to the residents about the
installation of a lifting device and so on
and so forth. Therefore, you will hear, I forgot
what the lady's name is, Larisa, right? Or
whoever addressed, that we use in this case
not for money, but for a stone. Let them come in,
do the repair, and in a month they will go.
What's wrong?
Well, let's say I have a room in Moscow, and
Ozon Fresh asks me, listen, brother, let me
do the repair, let me do the repair, I'll
do the repair, I'll put the loader, the unloader,
I'll do everything, I'll do the wiring, the fire,
I'll do everything, I'll put the tile, I'll
clean it, I'll paint it, and I'll go right away.
Because, like, cyclists and everything else,
and for God's sake, go away, we'll make a warehouse.
Let them come to my living room. Yes, and
if the storerooms go down, okay, we'll do
what I said a little later. And what to do if?
We'll make offices. And there will be repaired.
The partitions will be made. And for 900 rubles,
you hear, for 900 rubles we will give offices.
We will give in Voskoye, we will give. For 900.
Small, we will cut. There are windows all
over the perimeter.
Are there any more questions? No, we answered
all the questions. Let's go on. Zhenya, let's
do something else. Please, let me choose now.
You can take a five, zonal. Come on, great,
we love fives. Five zonal. Five zonal. It?
It, yes. It's on the way there, as Ruslan
Avdeev said, to cool places, where everything,
everything, everything. This is a little before Bisk.
Bisk is...
The second largest city in the Altai region
on the road to the mountain Altai. Not reaching
30 kilometers before it, there is such a settlement Zonalne.
What is remarkable about it? It stands on
the railway station, the last one in front
of Beisk. There is a population in the village
itself and around. The five gives the same rate.
as well as the coin. The coin is considered
plan A, the five is considered plan B. Exactly
the same project is with the coin, in which
it costs 18.5 million. Therefore, choose.
Do you want us to collect a coin for 18.5 here?
If you do not want, we will take more area.
Here, you see, there is a piece painted black,
and there is not very black painted. In general,
if you take the whole area,
There will be a five. If you take a smaller area,
there will be a coin. What a charm. There,
the population is increasing, it is not decreasing.
Wikipedia, come in. Dachas, the railway, the
road to the mountain Altai. In general, the
place there is not bad. Well, as it were,
my native lands. It's not just like... Here,
Ruslan, by the way, is also from the Altai region.
Well, the price tag, look for yourself, the
five for all experiments, for such fleas,
it is unlikely that it will go. Nearby, Mariara
is trading, their earnings are quite interesting,
and two local operators, two stores, two nearby,
there is Annex. Annex is, well, Mariara is
the local operator there, the scale of the coin.
And Annex is about the scale brighter, like this.
And there are two Annex and one Maria Ra.
Therefore, we are sure, Maria Ra now feels
not very good, this operator, father left abroad,
and the son is engaged in development. In
the sense, the guys have money, everything
is fine, just the son smoothly pumps. In confirmation
of this, there, on the mountain Altai, we
are just at Maria Ra buy a plot to put there five.
And here Maria Ra
In numbers, what do we get? What offer? In
rubles and in maps?
Well, we have all Altai facilities, the term
of occupancy is up to 6 years in a pessimistic scenario.
In a normal scenario, 5-5.5 years. In optimistic,
up to 4.5. What do I call average or optimistic?
Or pessimistic? Let's say, the five says,
we are ready...
We are ready to sit with electric heating.
But in a year we want gas. We have with the
gas industry, if someone sometimes looks at
my stories, we recently finished building
a coin in Barnaul, another one.
And we have a good relationship with gas.
We built directly without dismantling the pipe.
The pipe with gas was going through the house.
We built a house around the pipe. And, well,
the coin was built directly with the pipe.
It came out of the roof and went through the wall,
the main one. And today, finally, we cut it off.
So here they promised us gas and say, look,
if you urgently need, well, let's look for
one more. If you need it right now and urgently,
one and a half.
And if you usually, in a year, slowly, well,
according to the tariff, there are 370 ,000,
we will install everything for you. Here,
the map does not save us a little in value.
Probably, you can heat up the electricity
for a year, and the five is ready.
And we will safely turn on the gas. There
are such moments. There is such a detail.
For example, in total, in the total area,
there are 700 square meters, and the five
need 600.
And 100 will still remain without a tenant,
and we don't even consider it that some kind
of EP will sit down or what. We understand
that the five will be sold out, and this room,
or we will discuss with you that we will cut
it off, you will give us a reward. Maybe we
will discuss with you that it will remain
in the second row, so as not to get caught
up in dreams now. Let it be sold out, but
the traffic of the five is good, ****, someone
will always sit down. These are the moments,
and therefore there is a lower position of
4.5 years.
If you fundamentally need it, so that there
are no empty square meters, and only then,
please, we will attach some kind of pharmacy
in April. What checks, Zhenya? Purchase from D6.
What checks? What budget do you have in the project?
It costs 26 ,700. 26 ,700. And other projects,
if you say... There is another coin in...
in Barnaul in two queues. What does it mean
in two queues? The land plot allows just to
plant a coin for 350 square meters, dry the
object at a cost of up to 21 million, and
cut off the excess land and sell it. In general,
it does not matter what will be there. But
the land plot allows you to make 580 square meters,
and the coin is ready to take 400, and the
pharmacy is not against April.
Now ZDEC has started to open small and mini SMEs.
In short, you can get confused. Let's move on.
We are moving out a little to the periphery,
and there is such a local organization, Ipe Ivanov,
let him fight, he sells combi-food, combi-food.
All year round, piglets, chickens, everything,
but you see, as they say, people, and we put
him in the barn.
And there the land remains. He trades in this
barn in our traffic. Here's more. And here
the map is gaining. Here is the purchase of
4.5 years if we go into the object in two lines.
And then, of course, it also reaches the price
tag of 30. Do you understand? And how do you want?
Quickly? Well, 21 and the rest of the land
you will sell yourself. Do not you want? Let's
go in two lines. We call. And what does it
mean two lines? The first line buys the entire object,
but it turns out not so ****, up to 7 years.
If you implement the second turn together
with us, then you go down to 4.5. How do
you like it? Well, it's clear. In short, budgets,
a fork in the budget, Zhenya. Yes, there is
now an object on which 63 million, there is
Elecmonar below, this is the second object
on the city of Altai, because the first mangerok
for 85 we have already packed. That's it.
85 in Sebesia. And we will sell for 150. There
are such prices. This is the new Krasnaya Polyana.
Investors believe, both Moscow, who did not
live before in Altai, as I, for example, but
they understand, see my activity, that there
we are building two objects.
Two coins are now under construction and are
also being implemented with Kostya Vasilyevich,
also a landowner. The second one is in Legmanari,
below the presentation, it is 63.5 million.
The investor for half of the project is there,
he is going there next week, to both sites.
Plus, one more of my fellow countrymen lives
right there, in this Elekmanary. He will build
his base there in one and a half hectares
and lives there for six months straight. I mean,
through the road, in slippers. We have our representative,
we call each day, the gene is called, and
so on. So, we will sell for 110.
A little less ****, but in general, it stands,
this object, just on the crossroads, where
from the Karakol lakes, from the Teletsky lake,
there will be a road. Yes, it is on the project,
promises to build in the 28th. Well, let's
build in the 30th. It will still be. This
question about, and what you will do in winter.
In Chemal, in the summer, it is clear. Everyone
goes to Chemal, there, on the bar, ride, swim,
eat. Well, in general, everyone knows what
they are doing there. And what to do in winter?
And here in winter it will be. Yes, in a few years.
Well, let's put it this way. Look, Zhenya
already has budgets from 20 to 150 million,
and there are occupations for 6 years, right?
Yes, finally, yes, finally I will say that,
let's say, there is, if you say, is there
something ready, pathos, yes, there is. Now,
let's say, it is exhibited in the center of St.
Petersburg, right in the center, 4 minutes
from the metro, in apartment complexes, business class,
on the first floor, Ozone Fresh is sitting,
on the first floor.
And what will happen if he leaves? You will
have a room on the first floor in the center
of St. Petersburg. In the neighbors there
is a restaurant and a coffee shop. Yes, it
is worth it now to exhibit it for 169. The
agreement between the developer and Ozone Fresh.
You can bargain, come to the developer, he
is waiting, he says, well, bring your own,
let's talk. There is such, here you are. You say,
no, but you can also have a new building,
but not pathos, but a little extreme. Yes,
there are 80 million, there is, please.
Of course, you can keep it from 20 to 200.
Welcome. Yes, please. That's why I say that
in Scherbinka, let's take it, and we'll settle
the conflict, everyone will be happy, and
you'll just take such an interesting project.
If you want, pathetically, please. Well, in general,
I probably told you, I have 11 presentations,
this is only what is outside, as they say,
outside all sorts of avit and so on.
I'm not talking about the warehouse, I'm not
talking about other objects, I'm going back now.
I'm going back now. I'm going back now. I'm
going back now. I'm going back now. I'm going
back now. I'm going back now. I'm going back now.
Comment from Dmitry, how to subscribe to Vasily.
Well, here you are, yes. So, Zhenya, handsome,
as always. Thank you, thank you. Always on energy.
Colleagues, what do I want? Zhenya, I turn
it off. That's it. We let you go. Thank you.
With our help, with God's help, without anyone's help.
Thank you, dear.
Thank you. Zhenya also gave me a list of ten presentations.
Look, colleagues, what I want to convey to you.
Now you have seen the guys live. Andrey, Dima,
Zhenya, Vasya, who are residents of the Academy,
have been cooking in our juice for a year
or two, someone for the third year. Look.
Знаете, от чего я кайфую? От того, что у нас
есть и товар, который можно продавать и зарабатывать,
и знания, которые можно применять и зарабатывать.
У нас есть разная полка, разная длина, нам
есть чем позаниматься. Поэтому мне хотелось
на примере мужиков, которые сегодня выступили,
вам просто показать разнообразие того, что
у нас есть и на чем мы зарабатываем, и как
мы живем.
Do you understand? Today is Friday, I already
have 8 in Samara. Don't stop Zhenya, he will
give you from 20 to 200. There are guys sitting there,
Dima knocked out the traffic jams, the Internet
turned off, that even the neighboring computer
from Andrey stopped motorcycling. So, Ruslan,
you see, he sits in a beautiful tie, he always
wears a tie, I have never seen Ruslan without
a jacket.
It's like he's in Ruslan's ecosystem. An interview
with Ruslan will come out. So, Egor, what's next?
Let's go. Let's go back to the presentation.
It remains to present one project, briefly,
literally in two minutes. You tell about it.
It's a five, Lily and Clay from the Academy.
Yeah, well, I don't want to, Egor.
What do you mean you don't want to? Come on
in two words. We promised to say, so we'll
tell you. Come on, you have to understand
the promise. Now we're at the end of the presentation.
So, look, let's run through. What did we tell you?
So, we told you about the analysis. So, what's next?
Next, this is Konstantina Vasilyeva. We told you.
Next, we told you.
And here it is.
Well, what can I tell you, in fact? We have
a resident, Lilia... So, Ruslan, Klaymenova,
right? Klaymenova, Klaymenova. Lilia, beautiful Lilia,
in general. And this Lilia owns a five-year
-old with her beautiful husband for the last
26 years. Back in 1999, a lease
agreement was signed between them as owners,
and then still a crossroad, and the contract
was still...
Yes, let's listen.
Look, I'm writing to her today. Lilia, I can
show you. Listen, if I start the telegram
from here, the sound will probably not be heard.
Now, let's check. You need to restart the
demonstration and share the sound with the computer.
Now, I can do it from the phone, but so that
you can see. You can start the sound through
the demonstration. So, Lilia, here. Lilia,
Resident Academy. Here, look, can you see,
right, Egor, the screen? Yes.
So, I sent a circle, I say blah-blah-blah,
tell me about the five, right? So,
look, can you hear me?
No, once again, you need to restart the demonstration.
Stop the demonstration. So that there is no
sub-log, I'll show you here. So, Lily of
the Resident Academy. That's it, now I'll
turn it off like this. It will be just very interesting,
really. So, look, you see, right? Lily of
the Resident Academy. That's it, you see?
Here, I turn on the voice.
Yes, hello Dmitry, I will not record anything,
it's better than nothing. So look, the object
is still on sale, without advertising, that is,
neither on Avito, nor on Cyan, it is not.
Several brokers from the academy are
engaged in it, they are engaged in it from
Penny Lane Realty, a broker and...
Well, we raised it, the last time I showed
it for 340
.....
It's okay, we've jumped from 327 to 370 in
two minutes. People are working on the investment.
Well, it's clear, there's some interest. We
want 340, and everything that's higher will
be yours. I hope I didn't confuse you with
these numbers. From the presentation that
I sent, we actually raised the prices. I talked
about the advantages, you can repeat them,
and the long-term agreement.
In short, colleagues, what is the thought?
Look, Lily is really an amazing person, she
is in the top ten with Ruslan Avdeev, she
has already bought some coins with him, bought
some storerooms, and her five. And this is
such a bright person, she really convinced
her husband to sell this five to them for
And now look how easy it is, she says, well,
we sold for 327, but now we have raised to 340,
and by the way, another one for 370, so right.
I'm just enjoying it. And the most important thing,
look, what value for me, in the fact that
we communicated with Lili, she says, I really
got some benefit for myself, I understood
why it is profitable for me to sell.
And why did she convince? And look, do you
know why I wanted to highlight? There are
different numbers. And when you cook in the
juice of those people who sell objects, we
don't collect for 4 million. And we have food
trucks for 20-30 six-year-olds. We are
here for 300 with 327-370. Do you understand?
When in this environment we are,
Your reality becomes more general. And the
simplest way to improve your well-being,
to earn more money, is to be among people
who do everything as often as possible. Because
who are we? We are the average derivative,
the average arithmetic between the ten closest
people with whom we communicate. If we communicate
with cool men, tokkers of the 5th grade,
This will be our circle of communication.
We will also be average arithmetic, you know?
And when we communicate, as Ruslan, Andrey,
Dima, Vasya, Evgeny, Lilia were speaking now,
you know, we will be average arithmetic, including income,
including money. Egor, this is the thought
I wanted to convey and share. When I listened
to the voice, I laughed.
In two minutes, we went from 327 to 370. And
most importantly, she will sell. She will
really sell. Because she does it so cool.
So, what's next? Come on, Egor. Team Parada.
And you have no sound. No sound.
Let's go on. Let's go back to the presentation.
There are two last points left. And the question
-answer section. So, well, five. We've already
sorted out the Soviets. This one, right?
Yes, yes, yes, that's it, there are no more
45 points. It was, we disassemble it in an
adult way, it was, in an adult way, it was,
what else? Is this what I need to say? Now
on slide number... Oh, wait, I didn't turn
on the crane demonstration, sorry. Yes, now
slide number 68, the source of the project,
the secret, where and who I buy ready-made
rental businesses. Oh, this one, right? Yes.
That's it. So, now look, ladies and gentlemen,
the answer to the question, where to take objects,
projects, where to take them, actually. So,
we decided to give out the secret ingredient
right away? Let's do it later. So, look, well,
basic hygienic minimum. Where do we take objects?
You won't believe it, out of 80 objects bought
from the warehouse,
Well, okay, I'll speak for myself. Of the
30 objects bought from the warehouse, do you
know where we found these objects? Don't tell anyone,
we found them on Avito. So where to
get information on objects? Yes, we use Avito.
But on Avito we often find real estate objects.
Why? Because this is the industry model and
the typology of real estate objects that are
not needed by anyone now.
If an object gets on Avito and you see it,
it fits under a coin or under a five, with
a probability of 90%, you can not even think
about it. There, as they say, everything is
stolen from you.
This is true. This is the reality of this
segment of product retail. So can you find
it there? You can. Well, they found a coin there,
we disassembled it. For 15 million, 230 thousand.
Yes. But the guys created it plus or minus
a million for 10.
So, depending on your task, where to find,
Avito works. Plus, colleagues, you need to
learn to use Avito correctly. We have there,
we build three funnels. A funnel for the tenant,
a funnel for the object, a funnel for investors.
Avito is a cool working tool. Yes.
Next. Smart search. Where else are we looking for?
We have Telegram channels. Andrey has a Telegram channel,
Dima has a Telegram channel, Zhenya, Vasily
has a Telegram channel. You can find cool
projects in their Telegram channels, in the
Telegram channels of the authors of these projects.
And often those projects that are not on Avito
are in the Telegram channel of Dima, Andrey,
Vasily, Evgeny.
Понимаете? Они там есть. Поэтому мы назвали
их словом «умный поиск». Телеграм-каналы,
там разные игроки рынка вот обменяются своей информацией.
Дальше. Где и как берем? Это прямые связи
с девелоперами и ритейлом. Но так как мы с застройщиками
работаем мало, больше вот Женя работает с застройщиками
в Москве и Санкт-Петербурге, это он больше
знает всю эту кухню. Но мы опять же используем что?
Мы используем на работе каналы коммуникации,
with representatives of retail, with developers,
if they are affectionately called, with developers,
with developers, with developers, with representatives
of the development department. And, colleagues,
you are now writing in the chat, share contacts
of development departments. This says only
about the person who makes a request to representatives
of contacts
This means that you have very little practice
and experience. I'll explain why. First, no
one will share their proven contacts with you.
This is the first.
Why? Because all the interactions are built
on these contacts. Secondly, you will certainly
be given contacts, and we give them. We have
a base of 3000 contacts, but you don't need it.
You can develop it, but it is developed on
a different principle. It is not so developed.
You were not given, what will you do with him?
Well, you got contact of this person. But
here he is looking for objects, coins every day.
And what will you do with him? You will ask,
what do you need?
Yes, he has such callers as you, 800 people
call a day, you will understand. This is not
how the business process works here, in a different way,
but I highlighted this. But we certainly make
money on these contacts, but the contacts
are not taken so. Further, well, direct contact
with development departments, this is all
about the same story, direct interaction.
Next, well, a secret ingredient I wanted to
show you here, this is reputation plus playing
for a long time. Look, the guys, even on the
example of Dima, Andrey, the guys were engaged
in the company, there was a bankruptcy trade,
participated and so on. In the topic of commercial
real estate, ready rental business, the last
one has already gone for the third year. And
it seems to me that some fruits the guys began
to marry for the second year.
Not in the first month, not in the first year,
something happened. And as it seems to me,
it doesn't even seem to me, but in practice,
GABs and commercial real estate have such
a super accumulative effect. And the super
effect of such a snowball begins to shoot
out old developments.
All that I do today, I will monetize not only
tomorrow and the day after tomorrow, but after
a few years. Therefore, the secret ingredient
here is reputation. And when you earn it,
reputation, at a certain point in time, begins
to feed you and work for you. But this is
not a matter of months, it is a matter of years.
You will get the deal and the tangible result
after you will be boiling in this juice for
a plus or minus year. I mean tangible result
and the most important system result. Well,
the game is long. Real estate is the answer
to the question of commercial real estate.
Do you want to be rich quickly or forever?
This is not about fast, honestly. This is
not about fast at all. So, well, what, Egor?
And, in fact, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, what did
I press here? And I have nothing to switch.
Well, I'll switch you anyway then.
And what? What? What? What? The fourth level,
right? So, Egor, come on, what should I tell
you about the fourth level, about the highest
degree of pilotage?
Do you have a microphone again? Actually,
about closed sales, about the Academy of ready
-to-rent business as a source of projects
and GABs. What can you say about it? Well,
look, let's take a short excursus. By the way,
we were one of the first guys to open. Andrey
and Dima were even the first. And Dima says
that he, in fact, partially influenced the
decision to open the Academy. Because when
we met at the forum in Samara,
Victoria and the other girl, I forgot her name,
organized a forum. Back then we hadn't launched
the Academy yet and we were making decisions
about launching it. And in May 2023 we opened
the Academy. What for? We solved our task,
our problem. We had to train partners, brokers
to create a ready-made rental business.
We had a shortage of people, because all these
projects that the guys talked about today,
you understand, it's like a manual manufacture.
By the way, GAP is a cool analogy. I'll show you.
My wife gave me such wonderful watches. Can
you see? Can't you see? Oh, can you see? I'll
show you. Yes, I can see. Can you see? They
are called Raketa.
Russian watch manufacture. In general, super,
cannon, bomb, rocket, firecracker, my first
mechanical watches in my life, honestly. In general,
I'm just enjoying it. This is a Russian manufacture,
and the assembly of gabs is also a manufacture,
because every ready-made rental business
is assembled by hand.
And when there is knowledge, skills, skills,
competencies, developed connections, resources,
environment, atmosphere, this manufacturing works.
Because GABs are not just an artificial, but
a manufactured product.
It is assembled manually. And we launched
the academy because we did not have these
hands that compose these details, you know?
Now, in May, it will be three years. What
did you see? What is the result? Men have
a product.
We started manufacturing, we began to collect
these gums, you see? And now we have another
business task in front of us. Now we need
to establish production surplus.
And the most effective channel of sales for
today is closed sales. Because those coins
that the guys presented today, this one for
15 million, for 15 million, the first line,
these guys, I answer you, I would sell each
of these coins if I did their sales myself today.
each of these I would sell them in closed
because as soon as this object gets on avito
chances of success are reduced all the point
today sales realities are as follows sold
better more expensive and faster from under
the floor what is not on avito
That's it. And that's why our academy has
become the main source of sales for me. 64
deals that I personally held last year with
my participation in different roles. I play
the role of an investor, an agent, and a broker.
Each of them, 99 % of the deals, I think there
was only one, it was one or the other with
the participation of a person or resources
from the academy. That's it.
So, where do I get the deals? I get them from
the academy. Here, you can see, Yuriy Mishchenko
writes about his feedback. Egor wrote about
thinking limited to his region. Well, that's it.
Egor, did you open it or not? Is it clear?
Yes, let's answer the question immediately
from the chat, without going further. What
do you mean by the closed one is better to
be sold than from the sites? Look, just from
our practice. So, now I'm here. Don't turn
off the presentation. Everything is fine.
You can just go ahead.
Look, what is the reason for the practice?
What logical reason can I find for this? Psychological factor.
A person loves the exclusive. Loves the feeling
that he is smarter, wiser. You know, when
I was engaged in trades, well, not engaged,
more precisely, but there were trades, I bought
objects where cards were waving.
I came to the place of trade, went through
the procedure, registration, they gave me
a card, participant number 13, announced the price,
such a lot, the price is a million, you raise
the card. Again, the price is such, you raise
the card. What did I see? First of all, people
bought objects, went into such a rush and
bought real objects above their fair market price.
I saw it live, how people were going crazy,
how the ear was moving away. This is the first.
Second, what I saw, only from practice. Do
you know what people bought? Not only the
feeling of victory, but also the feeling that,
forgive me, ladies, for my French, they still
**** someone up somewhere.
Do you understand? They bought the feeling
that they have overtaken the whole world and
have somehow bought the closed one through
these closed trades. For some reason, psychology
works like this, I don't know. Therefore,
answering the question, from the practice,
Egor, it turned out like this. The closed
one is sold better than through Avito.
And the trust level is higher in the closed one,
because when you go to Avito, you have a constant
feeling that here I will be deceived, here
I will be deceived, here the percentage of
RTO is wrong, that's what we saw, the guys
told us, but the object was thrown away, why?
Because there is no trust. When you work in
a closed one, as a rule, this is a friend
of a friend, gave contact, they are among themselves,
you can break through information about this person,
and the trust level is initially higher and
the chance of a deal is higher, that's all.
Let's move on to our last point. Let's talk
about the Academy of Ready Renting Business.
We've been talking about it for two days.
Let's talk about...
How to use them as a platform for creating
a ready-made rental business, as a platform
for buying a ready-made rental business,
as an agent, broker or investor to join this
community and start working with you, with Andrey,
with Evgeny and so on.
First of all, I will tell you, colleagues,
today I work only with the residents of the Academy.
For the last couple of days, I usually don't
take the phone from the unknown. And then
I started to pick up the phone, you know why?
Because my daughter's birthday is coming up
on the 29th, and I order all sorts of ****
on Ozone. Well, not only my daughter, I also
order all sorts of **** for myself.
for example, a stand for this, a holder for
a phone or a tablet, well, in short, and I take,
you know why the phone, because, well, in short,
the courier calls a fly, and the numbers are
unknown there, I answer, and then in the last
two days I almost have some kind of ****
I had five dialogues with people who somehow
found my number and immediately in my forehead.
And I have GAP, and I have 150 million, and
I have, and I have, and you are engaged. And
I talk, and at the end they say, well, what,
you provide a service? I say, yes, guys, I only
work with residents of the academy.
They say, why? I say, well, because my business
process is so structured. When I get a project
from Andrey or Dima, if I ask, I asked the
guys today, I asked the question, do you have
gabs with such occupancy? And I understand
that they are the whole algorithm that we
have been talking about for two days, they
collected these projects on it.
I don't give a **** about some person who
has even 150 million. We talk in different languages.
I get sick of telling him the same thing
over and over again. And that's why I only
work with investors from the Academy, and
only with brokers from the Academy, and only
with agents from the Academy. That's it. And
that's what allowed me to do 64 deals last year.
That's it, do you understand? It's effective
for me. I create all this for myself, my beloved,
you know. And just like that, people, you know,
we speak the same language, and trust is formed.
This is the key, trust. That's it. I won't
even go into details and nuances about projects,
because I know how the guys work them out,
I know that they create quality projects.
So, Egor, did you answer the question?
Yes, let's go on and just tell what our academy
consists of. Don't close the presentation,
let's go ahead. I'm trying to scroll it, but
it doesn't scroll. Oh, that's it. That's it.
So, what does it consist of? Let's go. What
does it consist of? That's it, it scrolls.
So, well, first of all, we have a school for
creating a ready-made real estate business. Education.
Honestly, I'll tell you right away, you're
forcing me to re-record this training. We
recorded it in 2023. You say, Dima, it's the
26th year in the yard. Well, what the ****
are you even mentioning the 23rd year? It's
not beautiful. Well, it's like a dictionary,
you know? Well, what year did they invent
the dictionary?
Well, I understand that the information there
is not outdated, that is, everything is relevant there,
but I just wanted the picture to be beautiful there,
like on YouTube. Well, yes, I'm still there,
I probably had more hair on my head than now.
So, in short, we have training, this is an alphabet.
Here's how the letters are folded into words,
words into sentences. We have training. In 2023,
we started with this. So that we have more
people talking to us in the same language.
In the language of the ready-to-buy business.
Therefore, what do we have? We have a school
for creating a ready-to-buy business. If
a person does not distinguish GAP from MAP
at all, it's okay.
As my father used to say, bears in the circus
teach you to ride a bike, and a person can
learn anything. That's why we have a school
of creating a ready-made retail business.
Truth for brokers and for investors. Honestly.
What else do we have? Live broadcasts, twice
a week. Well, here, in fact, there is such
an infinite knowledge, all the current information.
What is important, colleagues? We trade information.
If you are a broker, you earn information.
If you are an agent, you earn information.
If you are an investor, you buy information.
And we have the most relevant information.
We are being copied. I get annoyed. I take
a sword out of my knife, I take a stick, I say,
oh, you're all faggots, I'm going to destroy
everyone who copies us. Then I calm down,
right, Zhenya? Barbolin, hello. Once again,
you know, my psycho-emotional bursts when
I see how someone copies us, ****, ****, burn
in ****.
But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay. But we
won't forbid it, right? Why?
You can't forbid it, take over this movement,
climb up like Lenin on a armored car, well,
thanks to the hairstyle, we are already fighting
with Lenin, everything is fine, just choose
an armored car and climb up. Therefore, what
is copied, yes, fine, we will still be the best,
invincible, we are the most awesome, cool,
and most importantly, that our residents earn,
and earned, and will earn more than all the money.
That's it, that's it, we have one metric,
**** money. Therefore, we have a cool broadcast
twice a week.
Let's add a little here briefly. Specifically,
the facts. What kind of broadcasts are these?
All broadcasts are devoted to one single topic.
Ready rental business. Sometimes these are
legal broadcasts, sometimes these are changes
in legislation, sometimes training broadcasts,
sometimes residents speak about specific tenants,
ways of creating, trading, and so on.
In fact, live broadcasts are the same thing
where you get all the most relevant information
about the ready-made rental business. We
went to school, got a base, after that we come,
watch broadcasts in the recording, watch broadcasts
that take place every week on Tuesdays and
Thursdays at 9.00, they are always two-hour,
sometimes even two and a half hours, and we
charge ourselves with all the most relevant information.
This is, in short, about our broadcasts. Let's
go further.
So, what do we have next? Let's scroll. We
have 300 plus residents today. Here you see
Dmitry Khrubin, Yuriy Mishchenko, Ignat Kudryashov.
Ah, here I see Ignat Lysin. He made a transfer,
earned money on hair. I'm not kidding, it's true.
Yeah, he's still on his feet, he hasn't earned
a car yet, he hasn't earned a new car yet,
and a new car. Yeah, but he saved up and bought
a Lisian L6, he regretted for a shitload of money,
he could have taken an L7, but he **** up,
greedy ****, he could have taken an L7.
It's better than L6, come on, it will still work.
So, what is the most important thing in terms
of what is a safe environment? I asked the
guys today, I also threw Kostya Vasilyev.
I say, Kostya, is the object in open access
or not? He says, ****, Dima, we can't advertise here.
You see, we have a huge level of trust in
each other.
That is, I will not offer the project of the
guys to some left investor, who called me
yesterday and said, surprised me, I have 150 million.
And I, as an institute, sweated in compliments
to this investor. No. I will offer the project
to a proven person. I first asked Dima, Andrey,
Zhenya, Kostya, guys, how reliable is the
project for you? Is it secured for you?
Can it leak somewhere? Because we trade information.
It leaks. True. It is very hard to collect.
Therefore, the most important thing is trust
and a safe environment. This is what we have.
Further. What do we have? Well, we have, in fact,
here, guys, each of those present here, and Dima,
and Andrey, and Zhenya, and Vasily are mentors
in our academy or leaders of directions.
The leaders of the directions, right? Zhenya
is the leader of the directions related to
the Dark Stores. We saw that they are selling bad,
so what to limit such a handsome man only
with some Dark Stores. In general, nothing
can be limited. He needs to constantly speak,
he needs to talk from the stage. Why can't
he be limited? But he leads us in the direction,
well, as if more about Dark Stores. Well,
you see, the coins on the Altai region. In general,
gabs, gabs named after Barbolin. That's it.
This is the direction of marriage. Today we
baptized dozens of Dima and Andrey. Yes? Everything
is cool. Well, the guys are all in the same office.
Well, what the **** do we have two dozens?
Everything is fine. Everything is there. Married.
Some people fell off. Well, some were old.
Some could not stand the long distance. Fine.
Someone died on the way. Fine. Everything.
Now new blood. Excellent. Cool. Therefore,
we have not some curators. Yes? Who something
there cures or curates. We have here, guys,
front-runners. They practice. They earn on this.
Therefore, we just made such a story, where
our practicing guys, who have achieved certain results,
are leading the direction. That's what a ten is.
Clear? Yes, let me add here. We have, go back
to the slide, I want to add. We have tens
for any tasks that you have in general in
commercial real estate. If you are an agent
and you want to earn on the sale of a ready
-made real estate business, if you are now
working as a realtor in a residential real estate,
you are close there, you understand that
In GAP, for example, you can earn more, you
can join the Academy, join the team and join
the ten for agents, for sellers of a ready
-made rental business. It is now led by, for example,
Morozov. If you are an investor and you want
to buy, for example, realize your capital,
buy one, two, three, five GAP, you have several
options at once. You can go to the ten to
Evgeny Barbolin.
And you can't imagine how cool it is to be
an investor and work in a dozen where brokers work.
You see from the inside how each project is
being assembled, you see in real-time every
week what problems arise, how they are solved
and buy the most transparent object that you
know thoroughly, because, in fact, it was
assembled with you, you saw it all.
If you do not want to observe all this, and
you just want to find a GAP, for example,
ready and buy it, you can join one of the
dozens for investors. For example, you can
join a dozen for investors with capital up
to 100 million rubles, and we have Polikhov
leading it. And he has the offer as simple
as possible in his dozen. If you want to buy
a ready-to-buy business for up to three
months throughout Russia, I'll take you.
Yes. And you know what we decided with Vitalik?
Since this year we decided to tighten the
nuts and get tough. He calls me and says,
Dima, there are some guys out there who roll
cotton wool and chew snot. I say, kick the
**** out of those who didn't buy it in three months.
So why was there such an offer? If you have
no goal to buy a gauze in the next three months,
then don't go to the ten. Go to study. Go
to study and figure it out further until you
get to the brokerage ten. Go and gain courage.
By the way, Dmitry asks, what is a ten? So
we accelerated. Dmitry, please, what is a ten?
In short, look, now we have 300 plus active
residents in our academy. A ten is a small group,
a small direction, conditionally 10 people
who are focused on something. This direction,
this ten has a leader or leaders. And now
we have realized through experimental experiments
that it is cool to focus on a certain focus
of attention.
For example, Vasya Kroyerov is only engaged
in deposits, nothing else at all. That's it,
period. Now Ignat Ayrad is only engaged in coins,
nothing else. The tenth is a small working group,
where you work at a long distance in a small
working group.
And you have the dynamics of this group. And
it is much more effective than the dynamics
of a large group. That's it. That is, this
is a mechanism that has been tested for years,
made so that you can achieve the intended
goals faster. And the intended goal is money.
It's a deal. That's it. Okay, let's go ahead.
So, live meetings every two months. Well,
by the way, we've decided to be tough since
this year, and we've become, how did we do
it before? We rented a horse hall, I was paying
for all this business, and then I looked at
the taxes for last year, and I was like, I was shocked,
I thought, **** ****.
The hall was for 200 people. Dmitry Fyodorovich
from IP Novikov's board flew off there. And
how many people were there? 120. I say, why
the **** do we need a hall for 200, for which
it was paid? And we decided this year what
to do. We have less halls. How many tickets
did we buy today? Half. Well, in short, we
are going once or twice a month. Well, we
are going to Moscow. We were going to St.
Petersburg, to Sochi. Just Moscow Logistics
Hub is convenient for everyone. We have Andryukh
from South Sakhalin flying by.
from southern Sakhalin, from Kaliningrad,
from Crimea, from Sochi, from Krasnodar we
gather and communicate live that's it, we
have a live meeting once every two months well,
there is a personal partnership, acquaintance,
on February 11, it has already passed, in
my opinion yes, I was wrong not February 11,
but April 11, we have a meeting, right? April,
yes and here I will also add, emphasize look,
if there is a desire to meet with residents live,
to communicate with Dmitry, to communicate
with Evgeny and so on, to find yourself a partner,
a friend, a acquaintance
start working with someone, go to an event,
I don't know anyone, but go out there with
the first handshakes, agreements about buying
some ready-made rental business or joint work,
then now is the best opportunity to join the Academy,
because on February 11 this very meeting will
take place. The only thing is that you still
need to hurry, because yesterday we opened,
threw out 60 tickets for this event, of which
30 have already been disassembled. That is,
30 residents will already be at the event,
there are only 30 left.
So, Evgeny, Andrey, Vasily, you are with us,
so listen to us too, if you haven't bought
a ticket yet, it's time to take it. Yes, yes,
yes, well, we are doing it, our ticket costs
5 ,000 rubles, it's just rent a room and a party.
Yes, yes, according to the cost. Yes. So,
what do we have? We have live chats, yes,
we, I castrated chats this year, removed the
chat about NTO, the chat about crediting consultants,
the chat about sub-renting, we paid for these
chats and realized that we even had a chat
about the sale of gabs, I sell, I create,
we left one.
Again, our focus this year is to work in depth
and the effectiveness of each. I want each
of the active residents of the Academy to
earn at least a million from a million a month.
That's what I want. To live in the environment
of such people. Well, then we'll do it. That's
why in live chats we introduced a tax consultant.
It seems like a normal woman adapted.
girl, woman, lady, adapted, yes, it seems
to be, I look, normally, lively, answers,
it seems to be adequate, it seems to be speaking
in one language, if with lawyers, Rafik, we
have there, in general, we need to put a monument
during life, just handsome, yes, on such,
even, even on such **** questions, I can't
call it otherwise, I look, well, just, yes,
and for sure the sun will shine, well, yes,
the article of the tax code, this is how it
will shine, I think, blyaha, mouha, what patience
you have, dude,
Why does he answer the same questions all
the time? He doesn't copy you, which is the
strangest thing. You know, he answers the
same questions, and every time he forms a new
answer on them. Yes. Well, in short, the most
important thing for us is that chats can give
off a gray cloud. They are useful. That's
what we have.
Well, it's just like a lawyer, well, we have
a great lawyer, we have a great accountant,
accountant Natasha, she accompanies me, accompanies
our objects, and even the medical business
accompanies us, and even the new operator,
she accompanies, well, that is, these are practices,
you know, these are not some kind of fanatics,
these are practices, and yes, a cool consultant,
accountant, lawyer, this is your healthy dream.
Why am I so energetic? I sleep well. I come
and even decided this year, even though I don't drink,
we'll give away alcohol, by the way. Do you remember,
Egor? Yes, I remember. By the way, I know
that Dima Khrupin doesn't drink alcohol at all.
Zhenya Barbolio doesn't drink alcohol at all.
Andryukha, I don't know.
He doesn't drink alcohol either. So I decided
to join this party, even though I didn't drink
too much. And then I said to my wife, my wife,
that's it, don't even come to me with your
beautiful Malboro Sauvignon Blanc from 2015,
don't even come. Take away the glasses you
bought in the flea market, 16 ,000 rubles,
they are so expensive, take them away, hide them,
that's it.
In short, I decided to join the absolutely
non-alcoholic movement. So, Egor, when you
came with Andrey to Samara, and we choked
on Zhigulovsky's beer... The last time? Yes,
it was... Never say never, but that's it.
I will add here, if you still like to drink alcohol,
we have Vladimir Stafeev in the Academy, who
really likes to drink alcohol and sit in the sauna.
Well, we also have a drinker. He is Oleg Orlov.
He has been walking for three years. He didn't
buy anything for three years. But he drinks
like a beast. But he knows everything about
the ready-made marina business. And all the
reasons not to buy. Oleg, we love you. You
are really handsome. I adore you. So, what's next?
A man-legend.
When he buys the first gap, ****, I don't know,
it seems to me that we will print it out with men,
all of us will buy it. So, what do we have?
Well, in fact, you have already seen that,
yes, we have guys presented to you
We create cool projects, we create cool products.
To be honest, now we are working on another direction,
and we have already made a separate direction.
This is an agency or agents. And we had a gap
and there is. This is to make sure that our
product does not lie on the shelf. My task is,
I want to make sure that the guys, roughly speaking,
had nothing to buy at the moment.
So that as soon as they produce something,
the realization department would pick it up
and sell it. Let's do it. Okay. We solved
the business problem that we could not solve
for several years due to the brokerage academy.
We solved it. And we will also solve the problem
with agents. So, well, let's go further. Well,
and, in fact, what do we have in the resume?
What has become of the academy today? This
is both knowledge, this is the community,
this is the mentors, the dozens, the projects.
The most important thing is money.
This is money! And I have one question, and
I ask the guys on the phone, and I ask and ask,
you earned more last year than in the past,
then you're awesome. Then we're moving correctly.
If less, then we're doing something wrong,
it's bad. And I have a sincere conviction,
why I'm talking about money there. Well, first
of all, professional deformation, I manage
people with money, I help them to spend correctly,
yes, this is what management is.
And I am convinced that if you earn the same
amount of money year after year or less, it's
a ****. If you earn the same amount as in
the year before last, in 2025, you are poor.
Therefore, the main metric for me is the growth
of wealth, the growth of earnings of my residents.
In general, money. We have one metric.
Well, what did we do this year? By the way,
I'll send you the general chat of the Academy,
there's already a link, I saw it on the channel,
the guys posted it. We began to help to pump
up personal brands. There is no more Barbolyn,
and so the personal brand is already pumped up,
pumped up, pumped up, yes. Our dad is shown everywhere,
and there, and here. Here you already think
how to unsubscribe from his circles in Telegram,
so that they do not catch up with you, at
least Telegram, thank you, slowed down, probably,
and for Zhenya they slow down, because they said,
how much of this can be watched already, huh?
This is a joke, but look, since we have such
sales here, this is manufactured work, and
the sales are so individual, it does not mean
that you need to have a million subscribers,
colleagues, no. This means that you need to
be known in the narrow circles.
That's the story. You don't need a million,
you need 100 people, you need 100 investors
with a capital of 100 plus million, who will
buy from you. It's not a million people, and
not even a hundred, in fact, it's a couple
of dozens of the target audience. That's it.
That's why this year we decided to help to upgrade,
with this understanding, the word personal brand.
With Ruslan, it seems to have turned out cool.
I did not see, I will watch, honestly. I will
watch with you. I have a TV in the office.
Well, in fact, we are pumping events. Let
me add here. Look, in January of this month,
we shot three podcasts with our residents.
There was Evgeny Barbolin, who is now present,
Ruslan Aldeev. By the way, when will we roll
out with Zhenya?
.....
and go on YouTube, VK-video, Rutube, and
in our Telegram group will be published this video,
and applications we accept now. Therefore,
if you join the Academy right now, then you,
including, there is an opportunity to apply
and possibly get to the shooting for our channels,
and thus publish yourself, show yourself to
the world, and get the most important cool video,
which presents exactly you.
Now you are those who considered Ruslan Avdeev,
now he demonstrated his gap and think about
whether it is worth to work with him at all,
to start buying a gap, not to buy, not to invest,
not to invest, to enter his 10, not to enter.
Here you will watch these 40-minute videos
and you will understand that this is a cool guy,
you need to work with him. If this does not happen,
write to me about it, we will discuss why.
Why? Okay, let's go further.
Five places, five places. I'm already eating
a tangerine, sorry. Yes, come on, I'll tell you.
So, in fact, not five, but four places are
in the academy. Yes, Dmitry has allocated
five places to join the academy. We have a set
that is not permanent, we have a set of limited,
natural restrictions, which are determined
by our dozens, how many mentors can take people
to work.
At the moment the limitation is a little higher,
but in order not to overload the guys, so
that everyone is comfortable, everyone has
where and what to work on, the current limitation
on places is 4 people. Why 4? Because now
in the chat, I know that this person is present here,
but one of the participants of the practice
turned out to be more transparent. And he
found out that the places appeared earlier,
contacted the employee of the academy and
already entered the academy ahead of everyone else.
I can not call... And from him was paid today?
Yes, I can't say who exactly according to
the rules of our confidentiality, but in general,
I know you hear us, because recently I wrote
a message in the chat. If you want to share
that it is you, then we will voice it. And
so I can't say that one person still managed
to take it. Therefore, I learned about it
right during the practice.
Vladimir sent a link to the contract, payment instructions,
that a new person is connected to the Academy.
Therefore, there are four places in the Academy,
they can be occupied. How to occupy them?
Let me tell you. Let's move on. So, let's go,
come on. There is a tariff of the Academy
of Ready-to-Pay Business. Everything is
very simple. Half a year of participation
in the Academy of Ready-to-Pay Business,
no matter what role you play, agent, broker,
investor, or all three, costs 500 thousand
rubles a month. If you want to enter the Academy
before the end of this... Not a month, Egor,
not a month.
Not a month, what did I say? For 6 months?
Yes, for 6 months, 500 thousand rubles. People
are like in a wacker. How many grams do you
need to sell? Yes, and so, 6 months of participation
in the Academy costs 500 thousand rubles.
If you want to enter the Academy and be with
us until the end of this year, until 31-12-2026,
then the cost of participation is 700 thousand rubles.
This is the basic price of participation in
the Academy, but for participants of the internship,
as usual, as it should be, because we all
love you, go to the next slide.
These four places that are in the academy
can be taken at the best price. What do we
offer you? For six months you can participate
in a business club, become a resident, get
everything that we have listed for you and
start working with all these people. It costs
390 ,000 rubles. If before the end of the year,
before 31-12-2026, 490 ,000 rubles is the
cost of participation in the academy. Fixed?
Remembered? And move on to the next slide.
Now about the rules of admission. Let's go!
So, the order of admission to the Academy.
In the chat of the practice, Andrey, please
do it, a link to the questionnaire will be published.
You need to fill out this questionnaire. After
you fill out the questionnaire, your contacts and,
in fact, the questionnaire itself will come
to us. After that, an employee of the Academy
will contact you. Cool guys! It can be Olesya,
it can be Dmitry, it can be Vladimir.
These are all people who have been working
in the niche of ready-to-rent business for
more than two and a half years. Vladimir,
for example, is an active broker who participated
in the creation of 10-20 warehouses last year.
These are all people who have been working
in the niche of ready-to-rent business for
no less than two and a half years.
The next thing that will happen is an interview.
Your goals and tasks will be discussed with you.
We will find out your point A and what you
want to achieve, what goals and tasks you have,
and so on and so forth. If your goals and
tasks are not realized within the Academy,
you will not get much from the Academy, you
will be told so.
If your task is realized only partially, you
will be told so. If your task is realized
entirely and completely, we go further. After
we realized that the goals of the task, your goals,
our opportunities coincide, we will be useful
for you, you will be useful for us, we go
to the next step. A tour to the Academy. You
will be invited to a tour and not just tell
how we are now in 15 minutes, but they will
show from the inside how it all works.
If everything is fine at this stage, the next
step is to attend an online meeting of the Academy.
You attend an online meeting of the Academy,
you are present, there is an opportunity to
raise your hand, ask a question, participate.
Usually, in this meeting, on average, 100
people participate, sometimes 80, sometimes 120.
You will be invited to this meeting, you will
need to participate in it.
The last stage is approval from Dmitry. After
our employee finds out who you are, what you are,
and so on, he will pass the information to you,
Dmitry will look, look, and after that we
will invite you to the academy, give you an offer,
you will be able to enter the academy at the
price that we indicated on the previous slide.
That's it. Let's move on.
Yes, that's right, a bonus.
We will not repeat it, that is, we have already
decided that we will not carry out the practice
for agents anymore, but you will have the
opportunity to get access to this practice and,
in the same way, not to go through it with
us these two days, but to look at the recording.
There is a total of about 9 hours of content
dedicated exclusively to
How to build relationships, how to find clients,
how to sell in closed, how not to depend on
Avito and the traffic that he pours you, and
so on and so forth. This is just a nice bonus
for joining the Academy, we will gladly give
it to you.
That's it. Question and answer. Andrey, please
publish the link in the chat. You can now
go to the practice chat, fill in the questionnaire,
apply for admission to the academy. And we
finally move on to the question and answer stage,
our final one. Let's go.
So, Dmitry, are you ready? You can not watch
the chat, I'll read everything to you, we'll
figure it out. So, Marina, she told this at
the stage, asked this question at the stage
when we were talking about the creation of
a ready-made retail business. Marina is interested,
will we all step on each other's heels?
that now there are 100 plus existing brokers
in the Academy, who work as brokers and create
ready-made rental businesses. How many more
people work in the market? Tell me, please,
how much capacity does the market allow today
to work in GABA and have the opportunity to
buy not only a burger, but also foie gras?
And put it on the burger from above. So, look,
we start from what? We have what is a ready
-to-buy rental business? A room with a federal renter.
What do we earn on creating, buying and selling
ready-to-buy information about a ready-to
-buy rental business? We have a renter in
the first place.
Let's see how much this year has planned to
open a five thousand three hundred plus five
hundred thousand eight hundred coin wants
to measure there pipirka with a five and this year,
too, but probably if not already not 1800
not 1500 but for a good thousand exactly wants
to open the network they have already scattered
let's bend our fingers
one and a half round in the smaller direction
plus a thousand two and a half chizhik also
does not lag behind, well, okay, forget the magnet,
the long-suffering one is also there, something
is flickering until April, you need to open
30 ,000 pharmacies 4 to 13 a day in 2030 now
10 ,000 pharmacies look at you in a year
The next question was
where to buy a ticket to meet the residents.
You're nowhere to be found yet. You're still
a resident. First of all, you need to follow
the path that we described, join the Academy
and join the main Academy chat. Oh, I forgot
to tell you one more thing, Egor. The new
operator that we're launching, we showed you today,
it's called Full Order. I wanted to start
in March, but honestly, we won't have time
in March. We're just messing around there.
to open the facilities, and we will only go
through the purchase, and only the residents
of the academy will open. No outsider will
be able to do it at all. We started doing
this with Megasclad, then something hit the
boys in the head, and they began to work with
the entire foreign market.
But it was the most effective way to open
a closed one, through the Academy. And in principle,
Megasclad generally shot in that volume, 95
% of the openings are with the participation
of residents of the Academy. That's all. Evgeny Borbolin,
please tell me, are you in touch? If yes,
raise your hand, please. Evgeny, everyone
is in touch.
Zhenya is always on the phone. Zhenya can't
not be on the phone. Wake him up at night,
he's right away, so what to sell? Here is Zhenya.
Look, we just have a question in the chat,
I suggest you ask Evgeny. Dmitry Noviy asks,
weekly, I will first partially answer, then
Evgeny will pass the word. Weekly calls with
the 10th or all academies, how is the interaction
in the 10th? Answer. There are general calls
of the academy. They take place on Tuesday,
on Thursday, at 9 a.m. without interruption.
We even had a call on January 1 this year.
But not at 9 a.m.
Well, you wanted to translate it into 9, the
residents asked you to translate it later.
Well, yes, even in January, on January 1,
we had a common call. At the same time, how
work happens in dozens, it is determined by
the dozen itself, how comfortable it is for them.
There are guys who only work online. There
are guys who are present in the dozen, there
is a mentor of the creators of gabs who work online,
the rest walk with their legs, who are present there.
There are dozens, well, in general, Evgeny,
tell us specifically how work happens in your dozen.
Because I'm sure that your dozen will start
asking for it from those present. Let's start
with the fact that you only take women for
some reason. Yes, I only work with women.
This is a separate story. Historically, this
is how it happened. In the first half of my life,
I also did not spend a lot of time with them,
communicated with them. But it was a little
different specialization. At that time, together
with them, we did not collect gags, so to speak.
And here, now, I found for myself, let's say,
a legitimate and profitable business to be
in the society of nice ladies and at the same
time not to spend money on them, but to earn
money with them. Well, that's the lyric. Yes,
in fact, they tried and left such a female battalion.
So, what are we doing? In addition to the
fact that we communicate on phone calls,
the Academy itself on Tuesdays and Thursdays,
we have our own call once a week. It's like
a nickname. We meet and communicate there
not only on current projects, but we also communicate,
let's say, so that there is a high fighting
spirit and harmony in the unit. So, how
does the work happen? The work takes place
in working groups.
out of ten, two, three,
five participants can unite to implement some project.
Some of the girls choose the specialization
of the dark store. Now, for example, Amazon
Fresh went to the regions,
Nizhny Novgorod, Yekaterinburg, and other
cities began to open. Here are a couple of them.
Zhenya, I haven't forgotten yet. I sent you
the Sochi Darkstore, which Victor collected.
No, send it. I'll throw it away, sorry. Send it,
yes. So, they took, let's say, a branch and
work directly with development. I am patrolling,
but, let's say, a table is created, and there
is a mark here, and so on, and so on. This
is some kind of project. They shot it off,
closed the location.
Someone works, let's say, in some region,
for example, here I represented Altai. Someone
works in Altai. It happens that a girl from
our ten unites in the academy with one of
the participants from other tens or without
a dozen people at all and implements the project.
In addition to the fact that we have communication
in the chat itself, we also communicate within
working groups.
Some project started, and we, in order not
to burn time on the general call, and someone
did not miss what they are there, on which Altai,
which Vlasikha, or Topchikha, or, it does
not matter, or Kmanar.
In working groups, we can hold three Zooms
a day. When it's a hot time, we sign up, an
investor comes in, or counter-agents, some
kind of accomplices with the electricity situation.
I was talking about gas today, there was a whole
epic with gas. We even from the central office
were attracted from Gazprom, from Moscow,
called there.
This is all happening within a specific project.
They worked it out, the working group can
further open the next facility in Altai, or
they can finish it and redistribute it. This
is how it happens. For example, now the branch
is very thin, one girl picked up a pharmacy
in April.
Here Dima Kruppin performed, they opened together.
Please, we are generally different ten, the
leader of another ten. Our girls opened together,
like April, to finish it. And so on. This
work goes exactly in this way.
That is, I understand correctly, let's summarize,
this is such a project work, the girls are united,
someone, for example, one, for example, cool
organizational skills, the other orator skills,
on the contrary, she says, they are united,
found each other, and you create project work.
You found some project, for example, in Altai,
the girls work with their head, mouth, so,
oh my ****, how it sounded, well, okay.
Girls work with their heads and mouths, you
work with them as a super expert, as a bearer
of knowledge, and so on. At the same time,
you are engaged in the search for an investor
with them. An investor is located, joins this
working group, and you, together with the girls,
arrange a raspberry for him, complete this project,
and then cut the money received. Is that right?
In general, yes. There are different nuances.
One investor has several projects.
There is one project for several investors,
but in general, yes, the entourage is such
that we have such a beautiful house of care,
in which I perform the function of the head,
and the girls meet us as they like champagne.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know,
I don't know, I don't know.
Yes, in our academy there are guys who work
in trading, and it is difficult there now.
To be honest, I talked to them, and now they
are breaking out of the trade, there is a minimum profit,
they are already breaking out of there, trading
is crazy.
Specifically, for GABAs today it is possible,
yes, it is possible, it is worth it, well,
the devil knows, only if there is experience
and so on. To learn purposefully is not worth
it today. There are other ways to search for
objects for commercial real estate, for GABAs,
the head of dozens will teach you exactly.
And this is not Avito. Most often it is not Avito.
Avito deposits, under the five, most often
not Avito.
And for dark stores. Okay, let's move on.
There is a practice of selling GABs through auctions.
That's exactly it. Let's go to another question.
Russian auction house, yes. We can partner
with them. I have a very good relationship
with the Russian auction house, with Pavel
Gennadievich Zhirunov, with Natasha Harlanova,
with Maria Ivanova, with the active auctioneers
of the Russian auction house. The answer to
the question is yes, we can, but sales are
more effective in a closed one.
Next, a question from Sergey Chervyakov. What
is the cost of the most expensive and cheapest
Gaba in the Academy? 450 million. Well,
the cheapest, but there are less than 4. Good.
The highest income and the lowest income,
or the maximum loss from one deal? Losses,
praise be to ****, were not. Maximum income,
well, from the known to me 10 million for
one deal.
Okay, it's in the role of a broker, am I right?
Or an investor? A broker-agent, so to speak.
A broker-agent, okay, that's what they're
talking about. That's great. Next. Last year,
most of the investors that we have in the academy,
pure profit, without names and surnames, this
is a figure that, again, the person himself voiced,
I didn't pull it out, 200 million a year.
Earned pure, if in the role of an investor.
It's a speculative strategy, right? Yes. Bought,
sold, bought, sold for a year. Okay, next.
The longest project and the fastest project?
The longest project, well, probably it's already somewhere,
I'll tell you now, somewhere, somewhere two
and a half years. This is the longest, the fastest,
but it's a period of plus or minus a month.
And then a question about emotions, maximum
and minimum. I would advise Sergey to post
a video on the Practicum channel with an
interview with Ruslan Avdeev. There, look,
this question is answered. There will be a much
better answer than we can give now. It is
about emotions from working with a ready-made
rental business. Peter asks... So, this question
is answered. Now let's move on to the next one.
Marina asks, please tell us the investor's
portrait for such distant regions. I have
investors in Moscow, Moscow Oblast, Maximum,
Tver, Tula, Kaluga. How do you convince them
except the numbers? What is there in general?
In short, how to make investors start thinking
about the whole of Russia, and not only to
buy GAP in Tyumen on Lenin's Central Street?
It is argumentative to convince, to show the
numbers of lenders, to show that the lender
is in the first place. This is a guarantee
of success. It is our guarantee of success
and our main growth and capital boost. All
this happened when we learned to convince
investors to make inter-regional transactions.
When an investor from Moscow started buying Saratov,
Penza, Vladivostok, and now we have those
investors who are in the academy, for them
the last question will be where the object is.
Therefore, how to do this, this needs to be learned.
If you join the Academy, you will see the
practice for agents. For three days I was
very intensively dealing with this issue of
sales and there are a lot of broadcasts on sales,
including. All these issues are cleared up.
And so, in short, to work out objections,
to identify needs, as usual, to identify needs,
to work out objections, to sell ideas, to
work all over Russia. And there you need to
work with numbers, and with fears, and explain
remote transactions, and so on, and so forth.
Well, like today, Ruslan, the girl asked a question,
he said, well, I'm an investor, I have 8 of
my objects, I was on one in Serpukhov's warehouse,
because it was interesting. Well, can I? Good.
Next, the next question. Come on. So, DarkStore
is Ozone, Fresh, Samokat, Yandex.Lavka, answer,
yes? Well, this is our Zhenya, the main one
on DarkStore in all of Russia.
Can you please tell us about the warehouse
model in more detail? The object is self-storage,
the warehouse. Does the investor own a mega
warehouse or a full-fledged warehouse? Who
is the buyer? Can you just tell us about the model,
who plays what role and how does this business work?
Investor. Owners. Operator. Owners.
Owners. Owners. Owners.
fills these warehouses with tenants and carries
out operational activities. Payment collection,
warehouse maintenance. Many already include exploitation.
Here, in the same warehouse, all exploitation
is included in 20%. In short, the business
model looks like this. The owner owns, and
the operator is engaged in the filling, collection
of payments, distribution of payments.
Super. Next question. What to look in the
room of the MCD and in the separate standing
task with your eyes and hands? What do you
need to look at yourself to understand that
everything is in order, in addition to what
was said by the doc and the call of specialists,
to understand that this is a standing object
and go with it further?
This needs to be repeated for 4 hours on the
first day. Well, you look at the first day,
we have step-by-step 8 points, ****, disassembled.
Well, how can I tell you? Here are those 8 points
from the first day. You need to look. The
most important thing is that you do not need
to look there with your own eyes. Are you
a builder? Are you a cadastral engineer? Well,
you came to the facility, what will you assess? Why?
Well, ****, we've been talking for two days
about the fact that you don't have to look
at the object itself. You don't have to. Let
me answer you this way. You don't have to
look at the object. You have to review the
first day of our practice. Go on, Egor. It's
a blitz. Yes, good. How to understand the
power allocated in kilowatts? A contract with Energetichka,
as I understand it. Well, take the contract
with the resource-saving organization and look.
There will be written the output power.
Mm-hmm. Наличие пожарки на что влияет? Как
ее смотреть? Какие документы на нее? Документы
на пожарную охранную сигнализацию или на ОПС
-ку или на пожарку? В бумагах на пожарную сигнализацию.
Okay. How do you interact with a potential
tenant at the decision-making stage of buying
a building in the Ministry of Internal Affairs?
How do you make sure that they will really
get there at the stage of ownership? In no way,
except for having complete information that
they really need it. You will not be supported
by any papers, except for the lease agreement
of future real estate.
You should be, as we call it, smarter than
any developer.
Here, unfortunately, we missed one of the
questions about GABs that we showed before.
Now it's probably on it. Come on, read the question.
There is a question, I just don't know what
object it refers to. How much does it cost
to remotely operate? Oh, I understand what
this question is about. I understood. It was
a question when we were talking about the
fact that you can remotely control the object.
And here Ruslan explained that I got a message,
I just sent it to the person I needed, all
the management.
The question is, how much does it cost to
remotely hire these specialists, and how much
of the map do you need to build in order to
remotely manage the object? Up to 5 % with
a large stock. So, I understand correctly,
you don't need to hire a full-fledged manager
for the object and so on? No, this is what
Ruslan told us, that all these processes are
being built up. Good.
Next question. I just need time to find the
next question. This time we had quite a lot
of discussions in the chat. Are there any
sanctions on the five-point agreement or
other federal lenders if they cancel it on
their own initiative? All this
is registered in the lease agreements. If
they cancel it on their own initiative, no,
they can cancel it at any time and will not
compensate anything. Okay.
Next, well, there was a question about the DKP,
what to write in the DKP. As promised, tonight
or tomorrow Nina will send us a template of
the purchase-sale agreement, we will send it.
So, we answered this question. So, we answered
these questions. The checks answered.
So, that's it. We've thrown away all the old questions.
If we suddenly missed some old question, duplicate
it in the chat, we'll answer it. And we're
going to the new questions that were written
after we approached this catapult. Next, the
next question. Sergey asks, who can come in
from the federals for 70 square meters, except
for Aprilia? Well, PVZ. PVZ. PVZ.
Alexander asks, how in the assembled project
of a ready-made rental business is the agreement
of the federal renter on the premises, until
it is still not purchased? To remove the risk
that the investor will buy the premises, pay
in full measure, and it will turn into a pumpkin.
What do you mean, what papers do you mean?
Honestly, not a single paper will give you
any guarantee. But if you want these papers,
then the most ironclad version of the future
real estate lease agreement is used during construction.
There are penalty sanctions on both sides.
What will happen if the tenant does not come in?
What will happen if the owner does not build it?
or build it wrong, or build it not on time.
Then we make a preliminary lease agreement
with the application of the main lease agreement,
but, colleagues, all this does not matter
at all. We have a crossroad here, refused
the facility, left the lease agreement of
future real estate, paid the initial sanction
of 14 million rubles on the facility in Krasnaya
Polyana and disbanded the contract.
Therefore, colleagues, but you understand,
there is no guarantee here. Therefore, such
processes are being built here that we know
the inside of the tenant. Guarantee, not a single
paper will give you that he will not come in,
will not give a guarantee that he will come
in and will not give a guarantee that he will
not come down. There is no guarantee. Philip asks,
the objects that were offered from residents
were without taxes and expenses per object,
they are not included in the cost calculation?
Nalogi, da, sami uchytuvayte. V osnovnom shitayetsya
do nalogov, a nalogi u vas mogut. Vy mozhete
byt 1-procentnym IP-shnikom lv ugotnym regiyoni.
Vy mozhete byt 6-procentnym IP-shnikom.
Vy mozhete byt 6 plus 5. 6 plus 5 – 11
-procentnym IP-shnikom. Vy mozhete 6 plus
7 – 13-procentnym IP-shnikom byt. Vy mozhete
byt naopshchestvim nalogooblazheni, ne daye boh,
42-procenty, ponimayte?
What taxes should be taken into account? Be kind,
count your taxes yourself. Good.
There was also a request to tell about the PIFs.
I understand that we did not declare this
topic in practice. What do you want to tell
about the PIFs? Why? We opened and sold two
the PIFs. What do you want to tell? Let's
ask a specific question, a specific answer.
The question was in the format of how to work
with the PIFs, when they are profitable, when
they are not profitable, and how safe it is.
The PIF is profitable when you have more than
a billion of money. If you have less than
a billion of money, as my teacher said, don't
be lazy, come closer to the toilet.
In short, Alfa Capital, for example, opens
Zepif and even takes 500 million from work.
You can work with Zepif from 100 million.
The managing company with which we worked
is called Gamma Group, located in St. Petersburg.
The most adequate managing company. The main
document that is signed with Zepif is called
PDU or Regulatory Management Rules. The main
advantage of Zepif before other forms
It consists of two elements. The first is security.
ZPIV does not issue final beneficiaries, not
at the onset of any events and circumstances.
And the second is that there is no tax on profit,
there is only NDS when working with commercial
real estate objects. Therefore, we save on
taxes on profit.
There is another question. The establishment
of real estate in ZPIV is equated to profit,
so the tax on the establishment is paid. Therefore,
it is advantageous to start a money mass in
ZPIV first, and only then to convert real
estate into this money mass. About ZPIV, I devoted
one and a half years to work with ZPIVs. I can
tell you separately, but the thesis looks
like this.
And for beginners, what is ZPIV? Closed Paev
Investment Fund. According to the definition,
ZPIV is a property complex without the education
of a legal person. I was involved in this
formulation for six months.
The PIV...
Well, for example, I don't know, there...
For beer, happy life.
In this Zepif, a happy life, yes, maybe, he releases,
how much is there, payov, a thousand, ten thousand.
And it is not clear to whom this Zepif belongs.
The fact that these are your ten fives, yes,
in Zepif, on each of them will be written
in the list, Zepif, a light life, a happy life.
That's it. Safety and lack of tax on profit.
Good. What are the parameters of the location
for opening X5 Retail? Well, five. What should
be the traffic, in what radius, how many households,
what is their income? This is what they themselves calculate.
One calculation load, 3-5 thousand people
per one store and open in the settlements
of 1000 people. Minimally, what I saw and
what opened, 700 people per GT Barovoye. Good.
Next, next. How do you agree with the five
percent RTO, when development only agrees
with FIX?
............
We have a limitation. I will explain what
it is. Look, I made a decision that we will
definitely have the Academy project until
December 31 of this year. I will explain why.
Because I want, as a person who is used to
fulfilling the obligations taken on himself,
I want to have the opportunity to zero out
on January 1, 2027. First of all, in January,
on January 25, I will turn 40 years old.
And I have not yet built a strategy for the
further development of the Academy. We are
transforming into something, I will not say
into what yet. Therefore, the term of the
Academy is limited to December of this year.
Therefore, the Academy in the form in which
it is, and all the offers we have, even when
you enter there, you can buy either half a year,
or the offers that were made to you today.
Well, until December 31, 2026. Great, answered.
Next question. What
is the average cost of the operator's services? 20%.
............
Okay, and the last question from Julia asks,
where to download files? Oh, another one came up.
Okay, Julia's question, where to download
files from yesterday, which we showed, templates
and so on? In the Practicum chat, in the backup,
click on the backup, the last or penultimate
ban will transfer you to the message, where
exactly are all the files that we showed yesterday.
Download and take them. We will not delete
the chat, so
As much as you need, you will always be able
to get this useful information. Next, Dmitry
Naumov asks, Dmitry, in what form is it best
for you to provide information on objects
so that you save time on studying the object
and the information is worth the reward? What
to specify in the description, what is important
to know first?
I only work with Academy residents, so if
you send me something super sweet and interesting,
I don't look at it honestly. Because, as my
practice has shown, I have not had a single
deal from 64 over the past year. Although
I review the offers that the resident sends me.
Therefore, the answer is simple. It's just
to become an Academy resident. Honestly. Because
I can't explain to you everything that I've
explained for three years.
Next question. Why did the new brand continue
to work with the mega warehouse? Is there
a different direction, like the five and Chizhik,
or is there another reason? Absolutely correct,
there are different directions. Here is a cool
example of the five and Chizhik, and the crossroads,
and the coin. This company is working in the
same industry model, product retail.
And the second, since I saw a huge pain, a huge need,
and look, I do not so much an operator, but
a managing company for my target audience,
and my target audience is an investor with
a capital of 100 plus million rubles. My people
are ready to invest 100, 200, 300, 500 million
rubles in a warehouse.
But they have to solve a number of problems,
tasks, questions that none of the existing
operators is able to solve. And I realized
that this is an awesome opportunity that does
not appear so often in life, and I am not
going to miss it, so I made a decision, invested
and continue to invest money, time and resources
in the development of the brand. I want to
do it super beautifully.
Next question. Please remind me, what document
should I request to find out that the tenant
is not going to move? Request for the percentage
of turnover. Yes, review the previous day,
request for the percentage of turnover, or
find out in other ways by communication and
check that everything is fine. Next, Lara asks,
which rooms are more interesting than the
storage room, the basement or the stand next
to it?
Yeah, we've been together for 4.5 hours already.
4.16.
So, ladies and gentlemen, that's it for the final,
Egor. Let's finish. Let's do one more
final question. While we answer, rate this
day from 1 to 10. How did you like it? The
last question, we have time. Denis asks,
by the way, did the inflatable hangars stop opening?
We have never opened any lungs, you are confusing
us with someone. We do not do this ****, excuse me.
We did not open anything inflatable. There
are mostly not tens, but hundreds. Oh, there
is a nine. Dmitry Yevtishin. Write, please,
what was not enough. Of course, we will most
likely hold such a practice in six months,
in the fall, for example. It will be useful
for us to know.
Colleagues, I'll give you the final answer.
Look, what are we doing this for? I'll explain.
We are now... Why is the Academy project at all?
Why the **** do we need it? Look, we have
a point of monetization and a point of earnings,
these are deals. And I'm happy that in three
years I managed to solve one of my business tasks,
honestly, a problem.
I had a problem that had not been solved before
three years. From 2020 to 2023, when I left
the company in which I worked for 8 years,
I had one business problem. This is a deficit
of brokers. It is decomposed into a problem
of a deficit of projects. To this day, I have
no problems with projects at all.
I don't need new brokers in my life to fulfill
my financial plans. I have
another business task or problem. Now we are creating.
I didn't have a product. I had knowledge,
skills, communication skills, resources. What
product should I put on the shelf?
What kind of marginal and cool product is
a ready-made rental business? That is, we
created this manufacturing, Russian manufacturing
of gabs. And now I am engaged in providing
retail sales.
Now I'm building a retail chain. Do you understand?
And that's why I'm enjoying it, that's why
we're doing these practices. So that in these
two days you understand who we are, what we
are and what we represent. And I will have
an awesome offer for you. What is an offer?
This is an offer from which it is **** or
unreasonable to refuse. The offer is this.
We will solve any of your questions about
commercial real estate and ready-to-rent
business in the regions when you become a resident
of the Academy. There is no such question
that would be impossible for us to solve.
And this is my deepest conviction. And most importantly,
you have seen the people that we have. You
have seen the adequacy, the cheerfulness,
the charge of these people, the concreteness,
the professionalism, the immersion. That's why...
What we invite, we call. And I understand
perfectly well that this is an investment,
it will be paid off with the first deal. And
my task is to surround myself with people
with whom I am comfortable, with whom I like
to respond. Therefore, those guys who performed today,
I am happy to spend time with them, do things
and help as much as I can. And in general,
we live this life together. Therefore, join
us in our beautiful, slim, friendly ranks
of residents of the Academy. We are, most importantly,
PRAK-TI-KI. And also, pay attention to what
handsome men were today.
It's a wedding club. Okay, before
we finish, I'll answer the last two questions
and go to rest. There was a question on the
part of the agency's internship. Will there
be three more questions? There will be no
agency internship. We held an agent's internship
in January. I didn't like it.
It was a pleasure
working with you. We
had a great time. We spent 8 hours.
There were days for 2 hours, and after 2 hours
you go out, as if you worked a couple of days
in the mine. Next question. When will there
be a raffle? I'll do it on Monday. There will
be no raffle, as we planned, that the best questions,
so we'll raffle. I'll just take a list of
all the participants, put them in the totalizer,
assign each a number, scroll through, make
a video with one take, send it to you, and
after that we'll raffle. And in this way we'll
raffle these three drinks that Dmitry promised.
And Ivan asked a question about how to behave
when asked to reduce the percentage of turnover.
Everything is very simple. You need to understand
that most of the federal lenders have guys
who get a salary, who get KPI for reducing
expenses for rent.
Therefore, what you do first is to find out
how they actually trade, how well they feel.
If they feel good, they say, everything is
very bad, everything is very bad, we need
to reduce. You say to them, everything is
very bad, everything is very bad, let's raise it,
that's it. If suddenly it turns out that they
are really bad, see for yourself what is scarier
for you. Lose this tenant, if he suddenly leaves,
and move in a new one, you can work out this
strategy and in this case refuse. It is not
a fact that they will leave after that, maybe
they will stay, maybe they need to keep this point.
And if it is scary for you to lose a federal guarantor,
well, what to do? We agree, or trade the amount
that they can really pay, stop at it. Often
they can ask lower than they can actually pay,
as an option.
That's all. Here's what to do with this whole
thing if you receive a letter of happiness
about the decrease. The record of today's practice,
where it will be posted, is on the platform
of our academy. On your email there is a link.
Go, go to the training section. There will
be a record of yesterday's practice, practice
and today's. It will be available for three months.
At any time you can return, review. There
you can also leave an application for admission
to the academy. That's all. We are waiting
for you.
We are waiting for you in the Academy. That's all,
we are disconnecting. Yes, colleagues, look,
at the end, look, I will explain, I will explain
what I want. Honestly, I really like the niche
of the ready-made retail business, I love it,
I enjoy it. I like it for several reasons.
The first is that I am engaged in growing
my wealth year after year, I earn more year
And the main point of my monetization is transactions,
because there is a high margin in transactions,
and this margin can be redistributed. This
is the first. Second, what do I like? In my life,
I create such a product and such a service
for which I vote myself. What is this product
beautiful for? You know what? For the fact
that it seems to me that any sane person dreams,
wants and will not exactly refuse passive income.
And we are engaged in creating this passive income,
creating such a cash flow, when you receive
per month for the previous months or years
of work. And I will share with you, you know,
I have 100 ,000 rubles, every 100 ,000 rubles
that come to me on a passive, I enjoy them
exactly 10 times more than the million that
I earn actively.
Honestly. And I want you to experience this thrill.
And who else does not receive any passive
income from rent, but in general there is
no passive income, sincerely wish you, probably
the best wish will be that you experience
this thrill this year.
And those who want to go to new borders, I wish
you to break your first stable million. Because
after all, with a million plus stable income
per month, in my opinion, this is a cool level
of life in any region. You can afford a lot
of things, you can afford a cool life. Therefore,
I sincerely wish you good health and that
everything is cool with money. And therefore...
Thank you very much.
Egor, thank you. Respect and respect. The team,
the academy, you are just the best. You are handsome.
All those who survived until today, 4.5 hours,
you are handsome. 41 people remained alive.
We started plus or minus, even under 100,
in my opinion, it was. That's it. Thank you all.
Until next time. Bye-bye. Thank you very much.
Have a good evening. Bye.